Recent reports have linked some France-based players with returns to Wales.
"I've always felt - and this is with my rugby hat on now; this is not region or WRU - I'd rather spend that money on keeping players in Wales," said Davies.
The WRU provides £2m to the fund and £1.3m comes from the regions.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions fly-half Davies became WRU chairman on Tuesday 21 October, succeeding deposed David Pickering following governing body elections.
He is now serving a notice period to leave his role as Newport Gwent Dragons chief executive after being voted on to the WRU board in September.
Davies was among the leading figures among Dragons, Ospreys, Scarlets and Cardiff Blues officials who were embroiled in a protracted dispute with the WRU that ended in a £60m deal in August this year.
In the wake of that deal being done, Davies said the £3.3m should be spent on ensuring current Wales-based stars remain there.
In recent weeks, Racing Metro flanker Dan Lydiate was linked with returning to Wales.
Likewise the Paris club's scrum-half Mike Phillips and centre Jamie Roberts were also touted for possible returns.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has said: "We haven't instigated contact with the players.
"But we are aware that one or two of them are keen to return to Wales sooner rather than later."
Speaking to Scrum V on BBC Radio Wales, Davies re-iterated his stance, saying keeping players such as Scarlets full-back Liam Williams and Ospreys flanker Justin Tipuric in Wales should take precedence.
"It's obviously a limited amount of money [available]. The union are contributing 60% of that contract and the regions are putting £1.3m in.
"So it's a total pot of just over £3m and if you look at the sorts of salaries that the... guys... have been tempted to go overseas for [are] significant amounts of money.
"So if we were to bring the players back, we'd probably get five or six players.
"And I've always felt - and this is with my rugby hat on now; this is not region or WRU - I'd rather spend that money on keeping players in Wales.
"There are players coming out of contract, perhaps in the next year or so… you're looking at your Liam Williams' of the world; Justin Tipuric for example - we need to keep these guys in Wales.
"We actually want them there. They are the ones who are going to impress the young kids, for example.
"They are the sort of heroes that our young kids want to emulate.
"So I would start off [by saying] with the limited pot of money, we have to retain players in Wales.
"Now, if that can be done and there's some spare monies available at the end, yes, let's look to bring players back.
"But it's a cruel world, isn't it?
"It's fine to take the buck and go, but great if you can get them back as well, provided there's enough money."
British and Irish Lions centre Roberts has insisted he will see out his Racing Metro contract.
He and Phillips also earlier dismissed the idea of leaving Paris.
Roberts also admitted being hurt by comments in French Newspaper L'Equipe attributed to Racing Coach Laurent Labit questioning their effectiveness.
Centre Roberts and flanker Lydiate joined Racing ahead of the 2013-14 season while scrum-half Phillips moved there in December 2013 after being dismissed for disciplinary reasons by former club Bayonne.

Army explosives experts were called out to deal with a suspect package at the offices on the Newtownards Road on Friday night.
Roads were sealed off and traffic diverted as a controlled explosion was carried out.
The premises, used by East Belfast MP Naomi Long, have been targeted a number of times.
Most recently, petrol bomb attacks were carried out on the offices on consecutive nights in April and May.
The attacks began following a Belfast City Council vote in December 2012 restricting the flying of the union flag at the City Hall.
Condemning the latest hoax, Alliance MLA Chris Lyttle said: "It is a serious incident for the local area, it causes serious disruption, it puts people's lives at risk, it can prevent emergency services reaching the area.
"Ultimately we need people with information to share that with the police in order for them to do their job and bring these people to justice."

It has lost its previous triple-A rating from the World Energy Council (WEC) - a global body representing the energy sector.
The authors of the WEC report said a vacuum in energy policy since the election was deterring investors needed to create new electricity supplies.
But the government said it was still a world leader in energy policy.
It said it was committed to securing energy supplies through nuclear and shale gas.
The criticism from the WEC follows a complaint from the UN's chief environment scientist that the UK was turning away from renewables, just as they were being embraced by the rest of the world in the run-up to Paris climate talks this month.
The WEC report ranks countries on their policies to keep the lights on, bills and carbon emissions down. It says the UK has been a leader in these policies.
But its says the government's drastic withdrawal of subsidies for wind and solar power has deterred investors needed for new energy supplies.
Electricity has become comparatively more expensive, and the UK remains on a "watch-list" over how it will secure its future energy supply.
The report warned the UK faced the run-down of nuclear plants and the closure of coal-powered stations, alongside ageing infrastructure - meaning its ranking is set to fall in future assessments.
It urged the government to ensure consistent policy to secure and maintain investments while reforms to the energy system are being implemented.
Britain still gets an AAB rating from the council and is still in the world's top four. But that may be a let-off, because the report was written before damaging revelations in a leaked letter that the government has misled people over its progress on EU renewable energy targets.
The government denies misleading Parliament to believe that it will hit its mandatory 15% renewable energy target in 2020.
But the letter makes clear that the shortfall of approaching 25% in renewables has been hidden from the public - and over several summer months in which subsidies were being cut, journalists were consistently told that the EU renewables targets were still being met.
Energy Secretary Amber Rudd told MPs the government remained committed to the targets, which will be achieved by greater focus on renewable heat and transport, rather than electricity.
She added: "I recognise, as that letter does, that we don't have the right policies, particularly in transport and heat in order to make those 2020 targets, but we have four to five years and I remain committed to making those targets."
A spokesman for her department, commenting on the WEC report, said: "We've made record investments in renewables and are committed to lower-carbon secure energy, such as nuclear and shale gas, which will help keep the lights on for future generations."
Energy analysts are baffled as to why the government is blocking onshore wind and large-scale solar power, as these are among the cheapest options for hitting the renewables target.
The UN praises the UK for its international role on climate, especially in helping developing countries get clean energy supplies like wind and solar.
But the head of the climate negotiations said she noted concern among international allies over recent UK policy changes.
Follow Roger Harrabin on Twitter @rharrabin

The warning begins at 22:00 GMT on Saturday and ends at 10:00 on Sunday.
The ice could lead to difficult driving conditions on untreated roads and slippery conditions on pavements, the weather service warned.
Only the southernmost counties and parts of the most westerly counties are expected to escape.
Counties expected to be affected are Carmarthenshire, Powys, Ceredigion, Pembrokeshire, Denbighshire, Gwynedd, Wrexham, Conwy, Flintshire, Anglesey, Monmouthshire, Blaenau Gwent, Caerphilly, Merthyr Tydfil, Neath Port Talbot, Rhondda Cynon Taff and Torfaen.

Tony Fisher's body was found by his son in Coningswath Road in Carlton, Nottingham, on 9 January.
Jaydon Robert Barton and Nathan Barton, both 22, were charged with murder and appeared in court on Saturday.
Marcus Barton, 41, was charged with Mr Fisher's murder in January and remains in custody.
Vincent Hawkins, 32, of Handel Street, Nottingham, has also been charged with assisting an offender and will appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court alongside Jaydon and Nathan Barton.
Detectives believe Mr Fisher, 58, was "targeted" because it was thought he had a "large amount of money in the house".
Marcus Barton, of Raymede Drive, Bestwood, who also goes by the name Marcus Pegg, is due to appear at Nottingham Crown Court on 13 May.
Nottinghamshire Police said officers have arrested a total of 18 people during their investigation.
Aside from the four people charged, one 42-year-old man remains on bail pending further enquiries. All others have been released without charge.

Lam, 28, joined the club in 2014 and, despite missing out on promotion to the Premiership, the Samoa forward has ignored interest elsewhere to re-sign.
He says the challenge of getting the club into the top flight was one he could not walk away from after their play-off loss to Worcester in May.
"I feel I've got unfinished business here," Lam told BBC Radio Bristol.
"There is a lot of talent here and massive potential at the club and I'll probably see my years out here. I couldn't see myself leaving the club and not helping them get up into the top flight.
"I've made some really good friendships in the team, the supporters are unreal and playing at Ashton Gate is a top facility."
Lam, who was part of Samoa's World Cup squad, says he could have signed elsewhere but ultimately thinks he will end his career at the club.
"I got a couple of approaches from other clubs but I couldn't see myself leaving having not helped them get promoted," he said. "Bristol is a home away from home and everyone here has made me feel very welcome.
"I'm not getting any younger, two more years takes me up to 30 and then I'll have to start thinking about what I do after rugby. There are not too many years left in me and I'd like to see my years out at Bristol."
And Lam, who has scored 12 tries in 17 appearances, says securing promotion would be one of the greatest achievements of his career.
"It would be massive, you go through a career without any silverware, that would hopefully be my first and it'll be one of biggest achievements in my rugby career," he added.

The 59-year-old, who missed out on the England job in 2012, was approached by the RFU after the World Cup in 2015.
No European side made the semi-finals of the World Cup, with New Zealand, Australia, South Africa and Argentina reaching the last four.
"I think it is a mindset thing," said South African Mallett.
"Teams will have learned after the World Cup that in order to win major events, you have to be very effective in attack," he told BBC Radio 5 live.
Why do Six Nations teams lag behind?
"In the final game of the Six Nations last year, when teams were forced to score points to win the competition, we saw three absolutely brilliant games [featuring 27 tries], which weren't replicated in the World Cup by any of the northern hemisphere teams."
"Four years away from a World Cup, [you need] to develop a game plan to match New Zealand, Australia or Argentina going into 2019," he said.
Mallett, a former Springbok international, coached South Africa to a record-breaking run of victories in 1998, and was in charge of Italy from 2007 to 2011.
Media playback is not supported on this device
He is working as a rugby statistical analyst with Accenture during the Six Nations, and the numbers from last season's championship are revealing. In the Wales against Ireland match in Cardiff, Ireland carried a substantial 415 metres, but only scored 16 points. This is a problem that needs addressing, according to Mallett.
"You have to create try-scoring opportunities, which northern hemisphere teams haven't done," he said.
"Ireland against Wales in the Six Nations last year, I remember clearly a period when Ireland hammered away around the fringes with their wide players completely and utterly unmarked. You would never see New Zealand making that mistake."
However, Mallett does feel northern hemisphere sides have the potential to match their southern counterparts.
"Weather really makes a massive difference to how you play the game, but if you go in with a positive intent - as all the teams did on the final weekend of the Six Nations last year - then we can see northern hemisphere sides playing the same style as southern hemisphere teams, and being more of a challenge to those teams at the next World Cup."
Mallett was beaten to the England job by Stuart Lancaster in 2012, and was again approached by the RFU before Eddie Jones was appointed as Lancaster's successor.
Mallett continued: "The RFU chose Stuart Lancaster for very good reasons, they felt he understood England and understood the team and they wanted to give an England coach an opportunity.
"I've said all along I would have loved to have had the opportunity because I had [former All Blacks coach] Wayne Smith who was keen to do it with me."
With Smith currently taking a sabbatical from coaching, Mallett declared himself unavailable this time round, with Eddie Jones appointed to the role in November.
"It's interesting to see now how England went quickly for an experienced international coach," Mallett added.
"I think he will do well, he's certainly entertaining. Eddie Jones has had success, but he's also had poor stints. Every coach has his ups and downs and there are no guarantees."
However, the South African believes England will finally be crowned Six Nations champions in 2016, if they can prevail at Murrayfield on the opening weekend.
"If England beat Scotland, they have Italy and then two games at home. I'm predicting England will be the strongest side, because of the draw and the enthusiasm which a new captain and coach brings," he said.
Hear more from Nick Mallett on 5 live Sport's Six Nations preview, Thursday evening from 19:00 GMT.
For the latest rugby union news follow @bbcrugbyunion on Twitter or sign up to the new  rugby alerts service available on the BBC Sport app.

Well today we got our answer. As the announcement came through from Buenos Aires, venues across the city burst into uproar.
I was at the Komazawa Gymnasium in the west of the city where a couple of thousand Olympic enthusiasts had stayed up all night. Japanese people are, by nature, quite reticent, but not this morning. As Jacques Rogge read out the name of the winning city they went berserk, jumping and shouting, crying and laughing.
A few hours later, standing in the rain in Shibuya, the city's busiest shopping district, I questioned early morning shoppers coming out of the train station. The ecstasy may have been more subdued, but the sentiment was the same.
Hard as I tried I couldn't find anyone who thought it was a bad idea. So much for my journalistic cynicism.
Economists say Tokyoites have good reason to be cheerful. There's a lot of building to be done, and a lot of money to be spent.
Like any Olympics, the centrepiece will be an extravagant stadium. Tokyo's has been designed by British architect Zaha Hadid. Its futuristic curves fit nicely with Tokyo's Olympic slogan: "Discover Tomorrow."
But it comes at a huge price: more than $1.5bn.  That is just a small part of the $8bn that will be spent on refurbishing old stadiums and building new ones. So it's all good news for Japan's construction companies, who have long been suckled on the teat of government spending.
But all this money going it to Tokyo may be less good news for other parts of the country, particularly the Tsunami ravaged north-east coast. In many areas re-construction has still barely begun.
And then there are the people of Fukushima. A friend of mine who was born there could hardly contain her fury this week when she heard Japan's Olympic committee chief Tsunekazu Takeda reassuring the IOC about Fukushima.
"Fukushima is a long way away," he said. "It is no threat to Tokyo."
"No threat to Tokyo maybe," my friend said. "But what about the people who live in Fukushima?"
About 100,000 people are still unable to go home because of the nuclear disaster that struck the Fukushima Daiichi plant more than two-and-a-half years ago. Many feel that the rest of Japan is already forgetting about them, and that the Japanese government only cares about getting the other nuclear power plants back on line.
If there is one positive thing for the people of Fukushima to come from the Olympic decision, it is that the world is now watching even more closely to see what goes on there. The Japanese government has seven years to contain and neutralise the disaster properly.

Thompson, 43, has worked alongside Clark at Birmingham and Blackpool.
"He has a great knowledge of the game and, coupled with the staff who are already here, I am looking forward to working with them all," said Clark.
Saturday's 2-1 win at Chesterfield was Clark's first game in charge after he left Scottish club Kilmarnock to join League One Bury on Wednesday.

Unidentified perpetrators in Mainhausen near Offenbach had bricked it up during the night, police told local media.
It could have been built within minutes, they said, and the motive is unclear - possibly a joke, an act of revenge, or a bet.
Police are searching for several people. The damage to the property is estimated at â‚¬500 (Â£425).
"It reminded me of the building of the Berlin Wall," a police spokesman told the local Hessenshau news portal (in German).
"That went up pretty quickly, too."
But he added: "It's a crime and no joke."
Janet Jackson, 50, gives birth to boy
Chinese paper's sweary New Year puzzle
Sweden's best-selling car not a Volvo

The picture appeared on the wall of a Poundland store on Whymark Avenue in Wood Green, north London.
A professor specialising in Bansky believes it is the Bristol-born artist's work.
A Poundland spokesman said the retailer enjoyed Banksy's art and said suppliers met ethical guidelines.
Curious passers-by have been scrutinising the stencilled image, which was adorned with real bunting.
One man travelled from Heathrow Airport having just arrived in the UK from Spain.
Jason Cobham, 44, from Wood Green, said: "I definitely think it's a Banksy. It keeps you thinking about the plight of child labourers."
He added: "I'd pay more than a pound for it. If I could get it off the wall I'd pay a lot of money for it. Haringey should celebrate it."
Ernesta Zazdokaite, 19, from Haringey, said: "It's nice but what's it all about?"
Professor Paul Gough, from University of the West of England, an academic who studies the artist, suggests the image has all the hallmarks of a genuine Banksy.
He said: "The stencil is very well cut, the quality of the spraying and that unique feathered edge that he is able to achieve when painting white on to black is reminiscent of several other pieces in the capital.
"The bunting is a brilliant touch, short-lived but with lasting impact in the memory given this royal anniversary year."
Tim McDonnell, retail director of Poundland, said: "We are fans of Banksy and we are proud supporters of the Queen's Jubilee.
"Poundland has a clear defined code of conduct for all our suppliers and a strong ethical stance on all labour issues."
A spokeswoman for Haringey Council said she believed the wall was private property and the council had no right to remove the painting.
She said in cases where graffiti is found to be offensive, the council can help the property owner remove it.
She added: "This is different. They may well like this."
The last image in Haringey believed to have been painted by Banksy appeared in September 2009 in Tottenham High Road.
It showed children playing with a No Ball Games sign and has since been covered with Perspex.

Mothers treated with valproate for epilepsy were up to four times likelier to give birth to a malformed child, the preliminary study found.
Introduced in France in 1967, valproate is prescribed widely worldwide.
Doctors in France are now advised not to give it to girls, women of childbearing age and pregnant women.
The drug's manufacturer, Sanofi, responded in a statement that it had been "totally transparent with health authorities".
"We are aware of the painful situation confronting the families of children showing difficulties that may have a link with the anti-epileptic treatment of their mother during pregnancy," it said.
Some of those affected say France and the company were too slow to warn of side-effects.
The risk of birth defects associated with valproate, marketed as Epilim, Depakine, Depakote and Stavzor among other names, has been known since the 1980s, especially for spina bifida.
In the UK, the National Health Service (NHS) issued an alert earlier this month saying valproate should only be given to girls and women of childbearing age under specialist supervision and only when other medications had been found not to work.
Valproate - prescribed in France, the UK and many other countries - now carries a clear warning : serious risk of birth defects.
In France, it turns out that it took far too long for this danger to become apparent. The drug was first introduced here in 1967. By the early 1980s, there were fears that the drug might be a factor in birth defects, including spina bifida, but prescription rules were only finally tightened in 2014.
France is now working out the damage caused during this long period. Families of children with birth defects want to know why it took so long for this country's authorities to identify the serious risks associated with taking the drug during pregnancy.
According to the new report (in French) by France's National Agency for the Safety of Medicines (ANSM), between 2,150 and 4,100 children suffered severe malformations linked to the drug.
"The study confirms the highly teratogenic [capable of causing birth defects] nature of valproate," Mahmoud Zureik, ANSM's scientific director and co-author of the report, told AFP news agency.
"The figure of about 3,000 severe malformations is very high."
Types of birth defects attributed to the drug include spina bifida - which occurs when a section of the spinal column does not form properly - and defects of the heart and genital organs.
The risk of autism and developmental problems was also found to be higher, and will be explored in a follow-up report due later this year.
Women treated for bipolar disorder were at a lower risk than those treated for epilepsy, the study found, but were still twice as likely to give birth to children with major birth defects.
According to ANSM, this is because women treated for bipolar disorder were less exposed to the drug.
In its alert issued on 6 April, the NHS noted that valproate was an "effective medication used to treat epilepsy  and bipolar disorder" but added that it was also aware of its "off-label" use to treat migraine or chronic pain.
Some families of children with birth defects born to women who took the drug while pregnant - grouped under an umbrella association known as APESAC (in French) - have sued Sanofi, saying that it did not adequately warn about the risks.
"The number of victims is potentially huge," APESAC president Marine Martin told AFP.
"We need to take into account children with malformations and autism, as well as families that lost a baby due to treatment during pregnancy."
Ms Martin says two of her children, a girl and a boy, suffered physical defects brought on by valproate.
French MP Gerard Bapt welcomed the report.
"It now appears fundamental that valproate in all its forms should not be prescribed for women of child-bearing age," he said.
Medically necessary exceptions, he added, should be rare and accompanied by "mandatory contraceptive use".

Media playback is not supported on this device
He played a leading role in the winning bid and carried the Olympic flame by speedboat to Friday's opening ceremony.
"The excitement building throughout the city is incredible," said Beckham, 37.
"To have an Olympic Games in London is amazing but to have it in an area where I grew up, I'm very proud to have been part of that for the last eight years."
Media playback is not supported on this device
Beckham, England's most-capped outfield player with 115 appearances, added: "I think we are all ready now."
His hopes of competing at the Games were ended when Stuart Pearce did not select him for Great Britain's football team, although he insists the pain of his omission will not stop him enjoying the Olympics.
"I made it very clear that I'm very disappointed and people around me like my family and friends know how hard it was not being involved," he explained.
"But I've always been a fan of the Olympics and I always said before it was announced that if I wasn't in the team that I would be here as a fan, I would be here to watch the rest of the athletes perform and that's where I'll be."
GB drew their opening game of the Olympics 1-1 with Senegal and will face UAE in their next game on Sunday.
"I haven't spoken to anyone [after the game on Thursday]," Beckham said.
"It's just one of those things where they have got a big game on Sunday and I'm sure the players will be ready but there are quite a few things happening before that."
Former England captain Beckham will return to play for his club side LA Galaxy during the Olympics but will be back in England before London 2012 is over.
He added: "Our season continues throughout the Games and the summer.
"I go back next week and then come back just before the closing ceremony. Hopefully, I am going to be able to get to as many events as possible."

You can see highlights of Sunderland v Arsenal on Match of the Day at 22:20 BST on Saturday on BBC One and the BBC Sport website.
Stoke and West Ham, for example, have started to climb away from the relegation zone but the biggest worry for Sunderland fans is that their side do not look remotely capable of doing the same.
I know the Black Cats have got out of trouble before having found themselves in a similar situation but this time, after picking up only two points from their first nine games, things look really desperate for the only top-flight team without a win.
At least one element of their struggles seems to be self-inflicted, with everyone at the club feeling sorry for themselves - and not just because they have lost some players to injury and conceded some costly late goals.
There is a negative feeling about the place with the manager David Moyes and his players talking about how they have gone backwards since last season, when they should be searching for any kind of spark that could change things around.
From the outside, looking at the way they play and their lack of creativity, it is hard to see what that spark might be or what could fundamentally change under Moyes until the January transfer window opens.
If they can get one win under their belt then they will get a bit of belief back but, the longer this winless run goes on, the more negativity there will be.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Sunderland finished last season on a high under Sam Allardyce, with a run of just one defeat in their last 11 games securing their safety.
In the space of five months, all of that confidence and momentum seems to have been sucked out of the club, despite them effectively having the same group of players who, not so long ago, looked inspired.
That is not all down to Moyes, but he has to take some responsibility for it.
I am yet to see a defined style of play from Sunderland since he took charge at the end of July.
That is in contrast to Allardyce's time as manager, when they were resolute and difficult to beat and, at the end of his stint at the Stadium of Light, also played with a purpose when they went forward.
Off the pitch, Moyes has not helped himself much either.
There was no need for him to be so pessimistic when he came out after the second game of the season and announced they would be in a relegation fight, which did not send out the right message to his players or the fans.
When he took charge, he had actually started out by being unrealistically positive - talking about Sunderland becoming a club that regularly finished in the top half of the Premier League - but his expectations went downhill very quickly.
I know you can argue that he has been proved right, because Sunderland are now battling the drop, but it meant there was a cloud over from them almost as soon as the season had started.
It seems to be a case that if you stop Jermain Defoe, you stop Sunderland. His statistics stand up well in comparison to last season, but the rest of their team are not doing enough in attack.
They were reliant on Defoe last season too, but others did chip in - in their first nine league games of 2015-16, five players found the net. This time around, only Defoe and Patrick van Aanholt have scored in the same period.
It is going to be a massive struggle for them to stay up from the position they are now in anyway, but they badly need a win and quickly. I don't see it coming at home to Arsenal on Saturday, though.
Do they even look capable of holding out for a draw against the Gunners, the way another struggling team Middlesbrough did at Emirates Stadium last weekend? No.
If you struggle to make chances and score goals, as Sunderland do, that puts more pressure on your defence because you know if you concede then you are in big trouble.
And the Black Cats have problems at the back as well - their only clean sheet in 12 matches under Moyes was against League One side Shrewsbury Town in the EFL Cup.
It does not bode well against an Arsenal side that are averaging more than two goals a game this season.
It is hard to find any positives from Sunderland's situation but at least they have not been cut adrift at the bottom - yet.
Unless they win soon, that could happen. I think Hull are also in for a very tough season but when I look at the other two teams immediately above them, Boro and Swansea, they definitely have more about them than the Black Cats do.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Changing manager has clearly not helped Sunderland and comparisons with his predecessor do not help Moyes much either.
You cannot tell me that, if Allardyce was still in charge, Sunderland would have only picked up two points so far. It just would not have happened.
Moyes replaced him relatively late in the summer, which is difficult in itself, but he can only complain about the things that have gone against him up to a point. He should be doing much better than he is.
He is still the manager and he is capable of turning things around, so it is right there is no suggestion of him getting the sack.
But that will not last forever. This industry is results-driven and Moyes' results are not good enough.
That clearly has to change soon and, looking at Sunderland's next few fixtures, the one that stands out as a must-win is their home game against Hull on 19 November.
If they fail to beat Arsenal and Bournemouth, then the visit of the Tigers will be the game to define Moyes' tenure.  If Sunderland are still without a win after that, things will become extremely difficult for him.
Chris Sutton was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan.

An MQM leader, Farooq Sattar, said the move was in protest over an army-led crackdown allegedly targeting the party's supporters in Karachi.
The authorities say the action has improved security and is not politically motivated.
The MQM has long denied charges of using violence to control Karachi.
Though currently in opposition, the party has joined governing coalitions at various points in its 30-year history.
The resignation decision applied to the party's 24 MPs in the lower house of parliament, its eight senators in the upper house, as well as its 51 members in the Sindh provincial assembly.
The resignations will create a significant vacuum in parliament, if and when they are accepted, says the BBC Shahzeb Jillani in Karachi.
He says this could lead to a major by-election, which the government of PM Nawaz Sharif is keen to avoid.
What is MQM?
1984: Founded as the party of Urdu-speakers who migrated from India at the time of the 1947 partition, known as Muhajir
1988: Wins all seats in Karachi, becoming Pakistan's third largest party
1992: Party chief Altaf Hussain leaves country after an arrest warrant is issued in a murder case; army claims to have busted "torture cells" used by MQM activists to punish opponents
2004: Emerges as major ally of military ruler General Pervez Musharraf
2014: London police raid the home of Altaf Hussain, who still controls the party, and investigate claims of money laundering and murder

Valdez, a US citizen better known as "Barbie" for his light eyes, was arrested in Mexico in 2010 and extradited to the US in September 2015.
A key figure in the Beltran Leyva cartel, he was accused of smuggling more than 1,000kg (2,200lb) of cocaine into the southern and eastern US.
He has yet to be sentenced but lawyers said he could face life in prison.
Valdez, a former high school football player in Texas, is believed to have started his criminal career dealing marijuana in Laredo, Texas.
He left his middle-class life in Texas in the 1990s after being indicted in the US, where he had expanded his drug-dealing business to the neighbouring states.
In Mexico, he joined the ranks of the Beltran Leyva cartel and quickly gained a reputation for extreme violence which helped him rise through its ranks quickly.
He is believed to have led the cartel's gang of hitmen.
When the cartel's founder, Arturo Beltran Leyva, was killed by Mexican security forces in 2009, Valdez made a move for the top job, pitting himself against Arturo's brother Hector and unleashing a wave of internecine gang warfare,
Each group would decapitate their rival's hitmen and hang their bodies from bridges as a grisly message to keep out of each other's territory.
Valdez, who had a $2m (Â£1.37m) price on his head, was captured in a residential area near Mexico City in August 2010.
He pleaded guilty to charges of conspiring to import and distribute cocaine, and conspiring to launder money, before a federal judge on Wednesday.
While security forces say they have dismantled the Beltran Leyva cartel, Mexico continues to suffer from drug-related violence which has left tens of thousands of people dead over the past 10 years.
The most notorious cartel leader, Joaquin "Shorty" Guzman of the Sinaloa cartel, is currently at large after escaping a maximum-security jail in July last year.

Sales growth in their home market slowed to a virtual trickle last year, at least when compared with the ballooning market a couple of years back, and it is set to remain relatively weak throughout 2012.
So Chinese carmakers, which have long fought tough rivals from well-established non-Chinese manufacturers, are looking to diversify abroad.
Many of the new Chinese cars displayed at Auto China 2012 are expected to be exported to Europe.
Some Chinese carmakers have entered Europe, already, of course, mainly through acquisitions.
Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (SAIC) owns MG in the UK. Geely owns Volvo and has a stake in Manganese Bronze, the maker of London's black cabs.
Others are even gearing up for direct investments in the mass-production of their own marques within the European Union.
Great Wall Motors was the first to arrive with The Steed, a small pickup truck that will be produced in its recently opened factory in Bulgaria.
Others are sure to follow as cash-rich Chinese companies target parts of the world where local investment has dried up because of the financial crisis.
"Just as the Japanese and Koreans did decades ago, Chinese carmakers are hoping to gain strong positions in the longer term in the Western European and US markets," observes the German magazine Der Spiegel.
Great Wall's Bulgarian factory, in the village of Bahovitsa, near the town of Lovech, is not the first car plant in the area.
Bulgarians used to assemble the infamous Soviet Moskvich here during communist times, and this was where Rover's plans to produce its old Maestro model flopped some 17 years ago.
Great Wall's joint venture with Bulgaria's Litex Motors comes across as much more ambitious than either of those, however.
Though initially no more than 120 people will work here, European Whole Vehicle Type Approval has already been granted for several models, and the plan is to expand the workforce to 2,000 people and produce 50,000 cars a year for the European market.
"Bulgaria is an excellent starting point for our entry into the European markets," Great Wall's president Wang Fengying said after opening the plant in February.
"In the next three to five years, we will have a great variety of car brands, which will be sold in all European countries," she said, according to an exuberant Bulgarian media.
"Bulgaria will flood the rest of Europe with cars made in Lovech," exclaimed the daily newspaper Standart, "just as the Japanese and Koreans."
Others were more guarded, pointing out that Chinese cars have yet to establish a reputation of quality and reliability in Europe.
Bulgaria might one day be remembered as "the place where the Chinese car expansion into Europe started", observed weekly magazine Kapital.
"The only question is, what cars will the plant produce, and who is going to buy them?"
Bulgarian-produced Chinese cars will go head-to-head with the Dacia brand, which is built at Pitesti in neighbouring Romania.
The Pitesti plant, owned by the French carmaker Renault, produces affordable cars that also rely on an "inexpensive but reliable" marketing strategy.
But Dacia and Renault are far from worried.
According to the Romanian website Ziare, Great Wall's cars will be more expensive than Dacia's, as well as inferior because of the company's lack of experience.
Great Wall's president acknowledges that the carmaker has much to learn.
"We realise that we have a long way to go to achieve some of the standards that German cars have," she told Bulgarian daily Dnevnik.
"But from a market point of view, we know that there are also people in Germany who would like to buy a quality car at a reasonable price.
"This is our chance to establish a presence in Germany."
Henry Li, general manager of BYD Auto's export division, agrees.
"In the short term, competition will be more fierce, especially when international brands are launching low-cost vehicles," he says.
"We try to create our own competitive edge. We are not only staying in a low segment, but are creating new technologies and improving quality."
Chinese ambitions in Europe are not limited to the motor industry, however.
"China is buying up Europe," the European Council on Foreign Relations notes in a current policy brief.
"Its automobile manufacturers have bought MG and Volvo. Its transportation firms are acquiring, leasing or managing harbours, airports, and logistical and assembly bases across the continent. Its development bank is financing projects in Europe's periphery, much like it does in Africa."
China has been actively seeking business opportunities in the Balkan region, "especially in Serbia, Romania and Bulgaria", according to Prague-based website Transitions Online.
In October last year, for instance, Guangdong Nuclear Power Group said it might take part in efforts to build two new reactors at the Cernavoda nuclear power plant in Romania.
In Serbia, a consortium of Chinese companies is investing some 2bn euros in the country's EPS power utility. Another Chinese company is building a 1,500m bridge over the Danube near Belgrade.
Similar stories are emerging across Europe, which last year attracted more investment from China than the rest of Asia or North America did.
"In 2011, for the first time since Chinese companies started heading abroad, Europe became their favoured destination," according to the French newspaper Les Echos.
As yet, China's non-financial investment in the 27 European Union member states totals just $15bn, or less than 0.2% of all foreign investment in Europe, according to the consultancy Rhodium Group.
But that proportion is set to soar as China's investment overseas trebles by 2020, Rhodium predicts.
The Beijing motor show is open to the public from 27 April until 2 May.

Dr Huskey was a key member of the team that built the Electronic Numerical Integrator and Computer (Eniac) which first ran in February 1946.
Eniac is widely considered to be one of the first electronic, general purpose, programmable computers.
Dr Huskey also helped complete work on the Ace - the Automatic Computing Engine - designed by Alan Turing.
The Eniac was built at the University of Pennsylvania in the 1940s and, once complete, was more than 100ft (30m) long, weighed 30 tonnes, used 18,000 valves and 1,500 relays. Programming the massive machine to do different computational tasks involved rewiring its various units. Eniac was built to calculate the trajectory of shells for the US army.
Dr Huskey became involved with the development effort to create Eniac soon after joining Pennsylvania to teach mathematics to Naval recruits. His task was to make the punched card reader for the machine work and to write technical manuals describing how to operate it.
After the war, Dr Huskey travelled to the UK to help Alan Turing refine and complete the Ace. This was built at the National Physical Laboratory and in 1950, when it ran its first program, it was the fastest computer in the world.
He also helped design and build two other machines - the Swac (Standards Western Automatic Computer) and the G-15 which, despite weighing almost a tonne. was known as a personal computer because it could be operated by one person.
Dr Huskey spent his entire academic career involved with computing teaching at the University of California, Berkeley and was one of the founders of the computer science faculty at UC Santa Cruz.
"Harry basically lived through and participated in the entire span of the history of electronic computing," Dag Spicer, a curator at the Computer History Museum, told the New York Times.

Lam Wing Kee was seized in the Chinese city of Shenzhen last October.
He and the four other men worked at a publishing house that sold books critical of China's leaders.
Mr Lam said a confession broadcast on Chinese television in February, featuring four of the men, had been scripted.
"It was a show, and I accepted it," he told a news conference on Thursday, according to the South China Morning Post.
"They gave me the script. I had to follow the script. If I did not follow it strictly, they would ask for a retake."
HK booksellers 'author' attacks China
Four of the men from Mighty Current publishing house, Mr Lam, Gui Minhai, Lui Bo and Cheung Jiping, gave details of their alleged offences during their appearance on Phoenix TV in February.
Lam Wing Kee returned to Hong Kong on Tuesday. Only one of the men has yet to return from the mainland.
Some people in Hong Kong believe the four were detained by China because of a book about President Xi Jinping.
They said they had sold 4,000 "unauthorised" books to 380 customers in mainland China, Phoenix TV reported.
1. Lui Bo, general manager. Went missing: Shenzhen, 15 October 2015 Returned: March 2016
2. Cheung Jiping, business manager. Went missing: Dongguan, 15 October Returned: March 2016
3. Gui Minhai, co-owner. Went missing: Thailand, 17 October Still missing
4. Lam Wing Kee, manager. Went missing: Shenzhen, 23 October Returned: June 2016
5. Lee Bo, shareholder. Went missing: 30 December - he says from the mainland, Mr Lam says it was from Hong Kong Returned: March 2016
Public confessions have long been a part of China's criminal law, but experts say many confessions are forced.
In the news conference, Mr Lam also said:
The defiant bookseller's bombshell revelations electrified the journalists in the room, as well as social media in Hong Kong.
No-one had expected him to tell all.
Besides Gui Minhai, who remains in custody, Mr Lam was the last of the associates of the Mighty Current publishing house to be released from detention.
The others - Lee Bo, Lui Bo and Cheung Jiping - had all been released much earlier and said little about their time in mainland China.
They had all decided it was better, perhaps safer, to stay silent.
But Mr Lam chose a different route.
He decided to take a public stand, he said, because he wants Hong Kong people to defend the system that separates this city from China.
Under Hong Kong law, Chinese police do not have jurisdiction in Hong Kong, which is governed under the principle of "One Country, Two Systems".
But the case has sparked international concern that China could be attempting to rein in freedom of expression in Hong Kong.
China's foreign ministry said its officials would not behave illegally and urged other countries not to meddle in its affairs.
Hong Kong's government said in a statement "that the police are now proactively contacting Mr Lam himself to understand more and will take appropriate follow-up action".
It added that any evidence of intervention by Chinese law enforcement agencies in Hong Kong would be "unacceptable".
"Lam Wing Kee has blown apart the Chinese authorities' story," Mabel Au, director of Amnesty International Hong Kong, said.
"He has exposed what many have suspected all along - that this was a concerted operation by the Chinese authorities to go after the booksellers."

Capt Christopher Stover, Capt Sean Ruane, Technical Sgt Dale Mathews and Staff Sgt Afton Ponce died in the crash in Cley next the Sea, north Norfolk.
The HH-60G Pave Hawk from the 48th Fighter Wing, based at RAF Lakenheath in Suffolk, came down on Tuesday.
The USAF said no warning or Mayday message was made before the crash.
The Pave Hawk was armed with 600 .50-calibre bullets and a 9mm side-arm with 15 bullets, which were scattered across an area the size of a football pitch.
It was on a low-level night training mission, which Col Kyle Robinson, Commander of 48th Wing described as a routine flight.
"No warning was received about problems with the helicopter," he said.
"Yesterday, we did not fly across the whole 48 Fighter wing, showing our support and condolences for the members of the D6 rescue squadron.
"We will start some limited flight operations today as we continue forward."
He added that it was "still too early to speculate as what caused the crash and make all long-term decisions based on that".
Captains Stover and Ruane were pilots, while Tech Sgt Mathews and SSgt Ponce were acting as special mission aviators.
Col Robinson said they were "flying to a gunnery range in Holbeach [Lincolnshire], and used that frequently for training".
He said the crew, who were members of the 56th rescue squadron, had been in the air force "anywhere from a couple of years to upwards of 16 to 17 years".
"As you would imagine, with most crews, there is a range of experience levels and in general, you have some of the more experienced people [who] will fly with some of the less experienced people and this crew is no different.
"They are all highly qualified in what they did and capable."
Police, air accident, RAF and US investigators have spent the last two days at the scene of the crash.
The USAF, supported by the Ministry of Defence, will lead the continuing investigation into the circumstances of the crash, with Norfolk Police handing over their inquiry.
A 400-metre police cordon is expected to remain in place at the scene until Monday and the public have been asked to stay away.
Norfolk Police Ch Supt Bob Scully said the "dignified and appropriate removal of the bodies" was carried out by USAF officers and staff "under the supervision of Her Majesty's Coroner".
Speaking before the removal, he said it had been a "real sadness that we've not be able to recover the bodies sooner".
"It's a very difficult investigation, on very difficult terrain."
He added that the recovery of the wreckage and munitions and "making good any environmental damage caused by the crash" would take several weeks.
The bodies have been taken to the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital.
Norfolk Coroner Jacqueline Lake said she would not be carrying out an investigation into the deaths because the airmen had a "relevant association with a visiting force" under the Visiting Forces Act 1952 and Coroners and Justice Act 2009.
Col Robinson added that had been a "tragic, sudden loss".
"The Liberty Wing feels as though it has lost members of its family, and we stand by to support one another and these airmen's families during this difficult time."
Flowers have been left at the gates at RAF Lakenheath and a fundraising page has been set up online to offer financial support to the families.

Her comments were widely criticised by government MPs, the opposition and disability rights advocates.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is close to passing A$23.5b (Â£14b; $18b) in extra funding to Australian schools.
But to pass legislation he will rely on the support of Ms Hanson, who leads the anti-immigration One Nation party.
"These kids have a right to an education, by all means, but, if there are a number of them, these children should go into a special classroom and be looked after and given that special attention," Ms Hanson said on Wednesday night.
"It is no good saying that we have to allow these kids to feel good about themselves and that we do not want to upset them and make them feel hurt."
Experts were quoted in local media saying that research showed inclusive education is beneficial to students with and without disabilities.
Labor MP Emma Husar, who has a 10 year old son with autism, said she was "angry and disappointed" by Ms Hanson's comments.
"She owes an apology to every single autistic child in this country, every one of the parents who are like me because we got better things to do than to defend our kids," Ms Husar said.
"I have got one thing to say to every single child on the autism spectrum who is going into a classroom today, whether that's a mainstream class, whether that's a support unit or a school with a specific purpose - that you matter.
"That you can be included and you ought to be included. And that even on the days that are hard, when you're frustrated and your disability makes you angry, you're still better than she is on her best day."
Ms Hanson stood by her controversial comments on Thursday and said they have been taken out of context, saying: "Go back and watch my tape."
In March, Ms Hanson made comments advocating the discredited theory which links vaccines with autism. She later apologised only for suggesting that parents subject their children to a non-existent test for vaccine allergies.

Staff said there was no evidence Mrs Trump had lifted passages from a 2008 speech by First Lady Michelle Obama.
The plagiarism accusation loomed large on Tuesday as the convention entered its second day.
Mr Trump is expected to be formally nominated as the Republican Party's presidential candidate.
A last-ditch effort by anti-Trump delegates to hold a vote that would have allowed them to back a candidate of their choices failed on Monday.
Live coverage: Delegates to formally nominate Trump
Why the Melania plagiarism row matters
Twitter mocks Melania
Plagiarism quiz: Who else has been caught out?
Mrs Trump and campaign staffers have given mixed messages on who wrote the speech.
She told NBC's Matt Lauer that she wrote it with some help from others, but the Trump campaign said in a statement shortly following the speech on Monday that "Melania's team of writers took notes on her life's aspirations, and in some instances included fragments that reflected her own thinking".
The speech controversy has been "totally blown out of proportion," said Trump adviser Paul Manafort.
"They're not even sentences. They're literally phrases. I was impressed that somebody did their homework to think that could be possibly done."
Republican National Committee chairman Reince Preibus said he "probably" would have fired speechwriters if the same thing had happened to him, but he also called the controversy a "distraction".
Mr Trump's son Donald Jr said of Mrs Trump's speech that there were probably people who "should have cleaned it up better".
1. What's the point? Each party formally nominates its candidates for president and vice president, and the party unveils its party platform, or manifesto.
2. Who is going? There are 2,472 delegates attending, selected at state and congressional district conventions, and representing each US state and territory. Plus 15,000 journalists and thousands of other party grandees, lawmakers and guests.
3. Who isn't going? Some senior figures who don't like Donald Trump have stayed away, including two ex-presidents named Bush, former nominee Mitt Romney and Ohio Governor John Kasich.
4. What's the schedule?

Aslef had offered to suspend the strikes if the company agreed to "engage in intensive talks".
The RMT union has requested to join the talks but for now its separate action planned for Monday is still on.
Southern's parent company Govia Thameslink (GTR) said it was a "significant development".
"Efforts now will be on productive talks with the union and trying to find a solution and a way forward,"  it added.
Strike-hit Southern ranks worst for customer satisfaction
Southern rail strike: What's it about?
How bad have Southern rail services got?
Members of the RMT union are striking in a separate row over changes to the role of conductors.
It said it was awaiting a response to its request asking to take part in the same process agreed with Aslef.
It added:  "In the meantime, the scheduled action remains on."
Earlier, Aslef general secretary Mick Whelan said the union and Southern should "engage in intensive talks under the auspices of the TUC as soon as possible".
In a statement he said: "Given the implications of this dispute for the wider railway industry, I am also asking the Secretary of State for Transport to support this new process.
"Aslef believes that the best way to resolve the dispute at Southern is for all parties to engage in meaningful talks - without preconditions - aimed at finding an agreed way forward."
Analysis: BBC London Transport correspondent Tom Edwards
How long is it since Southern commuters had some good news? A year? Two?
This suspension does sound like very good news in the short-term for commuters - next week's strike has been called off, which would have closed nearly all Southern services again.
By agreeing to these new unusual talks does at least show both sides - Aslef and Southern - are willing to try and find a solution.
Also, strikingly these talks have the blessing of the Department for Transport (DfT).
But while the language from Southern and Aslef indicates a thaw, commuters have been through far too much to believe this is the end.
A DfT spokesman said it welcomed Aslef's offer but suggested talks be jointly chaired by Andy Meadows, group HR director at rail franchise Abellio, and Frances O'Grady, general secretary of the TUC - a requested Aslef has accepted.
Both Aslef and the RMT unions are in dispute with GTR over changes to the role of conductors on driver-only operated trains, amounting to Britain's worst rail strike in 20 years.
Last week, hundreds of thousands of passengers were hit by three days of strikes by drivers.
Aslef members have also been operating an overtime ban which is being suspended from midnight.
The RMT union, which mostly represents conductors, has been involved in industrial action since last April.
Earlier, Southern ranked worst of all the rail firms in the country in a customer satisfaction survey, commissioned by consumer organisation Which?.

Sambo Dasuki said Nigeria, and its neighbours were in a "good shape" to take on the insurgents.
But he acknowledged the group, which is fighting to create an Islamic state, were a "real security threat".
Meanwhile US Secretary of State John Kerry says he plans to visit Nigeria in a couple of days.
Mr Kerry made the announcement in a speech discussing how to tackle violent extremism at the Davos economic conference.
Since the Nigerian government declared a state of emergency 20 months ago in three north-eastern states to deal with the insurgency, Boko Haram has strengthened and now controls several towns, where it has declared a caliphate.
The militants gained worldwide notoriety after kidnapping more than 200 schoolgirls in April last year - who have yet to be rescued.
Soldiers without weapons
Who are Boko Haram?
Why Nigeria has not defeated Boko Haram
Recently they have carried out raids into neighbouring Cameroon and this week Boko Haram's leader said his fighters had carried out the brutal attacks on the Nigerian town of Baga.
He said they had seized enough weapons from Baga's military base to "annihilate Nigeria".
Some reports said that as many as 2,000 people died in Baga but Nigeria's government has disputed this, putting the toll at 150.
Mr Dasuki told the BBC's Newsday programme that close to 50% of Nigeria's army was now deployed to the north-east, which he said showed how seriously the situation was being taken.
However, several soldiers have complained about not being given enough weapons and working equipment to tackle Boko Haram.
Mr Dasuki has dismissed such criticisms, saying there were "cowards" within the armed forces who hampered the campaign against the insurgents.
When asked if Nigeria needed outside help, he said "No", before saying it was an option to involve UN and AU forces, but regional partners were best placed to deal with the problem,
Nigerian soldiers currently make up the bulk of UN peacekeepers deployed to Africa, the security chief has said.
Correspondents say so far the regional fight against Boko Haram has been ineffectual.
Efforts to form a multinational force involving Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon have floundered.
However, following a meeting this week it was agreed that they would seek UN backing for the force - and move the headquarters from the captured town of Baga to Chad's capital, N'Djamena.
Over the weekend, Chadian soldiers deployed to Cameroon's border with Nigeria to help secure the porous border.

The seven-minute show, beginning on Wednesday, will turn the works of five prominent indigenous artists into a permanent part of the city's skyline.
The show, Badu Gili, means "water light" in the language of the site's traditional owners, the Gadigal people.
Organisers say it celebrates time-honoured stories with contemporary art.
"It combines music and images to create a gateway to Australia's First Nations history and culture for the 8.2 million people who visit the opera house each year," said curator Rhoda Roberts.
The animation features works by Jenuarrie (Judith Warrie), Frances Belle Parker, Alick Tipoti, Lin Onus and Minnie Pwerle.
It will debut at 17:45 local time (07:45 GMT) on Wednesday.
Spectacular art installations most recently lit up the opera house for Vivid Sydney, a light festival.

The Grand Tour presenter was admitted to hospital on Friday after falling ill while on a family holiday in Majorca.
The 57-year-old posted a message on social media saying: "To keep you up to date, I'll be out of action for quite some time apparently."
He said it was "really annoying" as he had never had a day off work.
Clarkson also thanked fans for "all the good wishes".
On Sunday, it was confirmed the former Top Gear host was being treated in a hospital on the Spanish island.
Clarkson shared a photograph of tubes in his arm and his hospital identity tags around his wrist, writing: "Not the sort of bangles I usually choose on holiday."
He had been due to return to filming his new Amazon Prime series next week.
End of Instagram post  by jeremyclarkson1
Clarkson is the second Grand Tour host to be admitted to hospital this year.
In June, Hammond, 47, was flown to hospital in Switzerland after crashing an electric super car in Switzerland.
The car, which was being filmed for the latest series of The Grand Tour, burst into flames after Hammond escaped the wreckage.
The presenter said he thought he was going to die during the incident, during which he became airborne and crashed after completing the Hemberg Hill Climb in Switzerland.
End of Instagram post 2 by jeremyclarkson1
Clarkson made light of the situation on social media, saying the show's third co-presenter, James May, was now the only "functioning member" of the Grand Tour team, adding: "God help us."
Clarkson was sacked from the BBC's Top Gear in 2015 after punching producer Oisin Tymon in an expletive-laden exchange.
Co-presenters Hammond and James May also left the show and followed Clarkson to Amazon Prime.
Clarkson apologised to Mr Tymon for the "unprovoked physical and verbal attack".
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning

The robot was supposed to have touched down on the Red Planet at 1458 GMT (1558 BST), but radio contact was lost in the minute before this time.
It was hoped that a satellite at Mars might have tracked the full descent, but it was unable to add any further insight.
This will likely stoke fears that Schiaparelli has been lost.
But the European Space Agency (Esa) will not be rushed to judgement.
It will wait on further information from yet more satellites at the Red Planet.
They may have detected something missed by the first orbiter, known as Mars Express.
Esa does have something to celebrate now, however. It has received confirmation from Schiaparelli's "mothership", the Trace Gas Orbiter, that it has successfully parked itself above the planet.
In the coming years, this spacecraft will study the atmosphere of Earth's near neighbour.
Landing on Mars is always a daunting prospect.
It is a high-speed approach that has to be got just right or the spacecraft runs the risk of crashing into the ground.
Schiaparelli had a heatshield, a parachute and rocket thrusters to try to get itself to the surface intact.
If Schiaparelli is later confirmed as lost, it will be a major blow to Esa which suffered the disappointment of the Beagle-2 lander's failure at Mars in 2003.
That mission got down to the surface intact, but stopped working within minutes of its arrival.
Schiaparelli was conceived largely as a technology demonstrator - a project to give Europe the confidence to try to land a more ambitious six-wheeled rover on Mars in 2021.
This future vehicle was expected to use some of the same landing technology as Schiaparelli, including its doppler radar to sense distance to the surface, and its guidance, navigation and control algorithms.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos

It follows reports that MPs from across the political spectrum want a Commons vote on the issue.
Prof Adam Tomkins said parliament, not the government, will legislate for what replaces the European Communities Act.
The SNP's Europe spokesman Stephen Gethins said both the Scottish and UK parliament should have a vote.
The UK government intends to trigger Article 50 by the end of March 2017.
Article 50 is the official process for exiting the EU and could take up to two years.
At the Conservative Party conference last week, Prime Minister Theresa May said the government would strike a deal with the EU as a "sovereign, independent" UK but her speech raised concerns among some that the UK is headed for a "hard Brexit" - without unfettered access to the single market.
She also gave details of a "Great Repeal Bill" which will scrap the European Communities Act which took Britain into the 1970s, and enshrine all existing EU law into British law.
There have been reports of a cross-party move, including Labour's Ed Miliband and Lib Dem Nick Clegg, to seek a stronger role for the Commons on Brexit.
Speaking on the BBC's Sunday Politics Scotland programme, Scottish Conservative MSP Mr Tomkins, said: "I don't understand where that concern comes from, frankly.
"The prime minister made it perfectly plain in her first conference speech that there is going to be a Great Repeal Bill, as she calls it, that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972, which is the legal instrument that took us in to the European Union in the first place in the 1970s.
"Now, only parliament can repeal legislation. The prime minister can't do that. The government can't do that."
Asked if MPs would actually be able to vote on the terms of Brexit negotiations, Mr Tomkins added:  "I think that repealing the European Communities Act will require parliament to have its say over what replaces the European Communities Act once it is repealed. That's the nature of legislation.
"Let me be absolutely clear about this, because it's a very elementary constitutional point. Only parliament can repeal parliament's legislation.
"The government can't do that and when parliament repeals its legislation it will be parliament that legislates for what replaces the European Communities Act, not Theresa May."
It has been reported that Mrs May is against holding a Parliamentary vote on the terms of Brexit negotiations. She has said MPs should be informed "at various stages" but told the BBC last week the government had to be able to negotiate but be sure that "we don't set out all the cards in our negotiation".
Last week the Scottish government's Brexit minister Mike Russell warned the Scottish Parliament might seek to block the "Great Repeal Bill" if Scotland's interests were not represented in negotiations.
Appearing on the Sunday Politics Scotland programme, SNP MSP Mr Gethins was asked if his party would be demanding that parliament be given the right to decide on the "type" of Brexit the UK chooses.
He said: "I think parliament should have a vote, both the Scottish Parliament and the UK Parliament.
"There has to be full parliamentary scrutiny. I've already put down an urgent question seeking Theresa May or the Brexit Secretary to come to the House tomorrow to talk about the triggering of Article 50."
Mr Gethins called on the UK government to provide more details about what Brexit will mean.
"We've had no answers on the single-market, no answers on EU nationals," he said.
"We are still waiting for details. Our European partners don't know what the UK government is planning to do next. They have had three-and-a-half months on this.
"We have had nothing from the UK government. They can't even tell us if they have the objective of remaining part of the single market."

In one incident on a Friday night, earlier this month, a heavily pregnant woman became a victim of moped criminals.
In a terrifying attack that took only a few seconds, the 31-year-old mother-to-be was knocked to the ground after thieves mounted the pavement from behind her to snatch a mobile phone out of her hand.
I witnessed the aftermath of the attack in north London from an open window of a restaurant a few yards away. I heard the woman's scream and saw her on the floor, but by the time I'd dialled 999 the two robbers had sped off.
The incident, in East Finchley, a relatively low-crime area towards the southern end of the London borough of Barnet, provided further evidence of the spread of the "moped" crime wave.
Pursuit rules 'create moped highwaymen'
(The Metropolitan Police refer to the "step-through-frame" motorcycles commonly used as scooters - mopeds are strictly speaking a subset of scooters, with an engine capacity of less than 50cc).
There are two parts to the crime wave - the theft of the scooters themselves and the offences for which they are used.
The Met says that between July 2016 and June 2017 there were 14,943 thefts of "powered two-wheel vehicles", the vast majority of which were scooters.
The total represents more than 50% of all vehicles stolen in London and is up almost 30% on the previous year.
The calendar year figures show the number of thefts has almost doubled since 2013, though the proportion recovered has increased as well.
It also appears to be a problem largely confined to the capital.
Police in Merseyside and Greater Manchester have set up special teams to combat the illegal use of off-road, or scrambler, bikes, particularly in relation to anti-social behaviour, but none of the  major forces we spoke to across Britain flagged scooter theft as a concern on the scale seen in London.
According to the Motorcycle Industry Association, about 60% of all recorded bike thefts in the UK were in London last year, yet just under 10% of all motorcycles and mopeds licensed in the UK were registered to those living in the city.
The rise in thefts has been sparked in part by an upsurge in the stock of scooters available to be stolen.  As the capital becomes more congested and car insurance more costly, scooters have grown in popularity, and as people order more items online, there are more delivery drivers and couriers using them too.
Unlike cars, which have immobilisers, alarms and sophisticated key devices fitted as standard, the main line of defence for a scooter is usually the steering lock, which can be disabled fairly easily. Police recommend other security measures including trackers, marking devices, covers and chain locks - but thieves have been known to cut through those using angle grinders.
Discussions with the motorcycle industry about more effective security are continuing but it's likely to be two or three years before anti-theft systems are embedded into the design of all scooters.
"Industry can provide the means to secure bikes, but it can't fix the problems that lead to lawlessness," says Steve Kenward, chief executive of the Motorcycle Industry Association.
"That is a matter for police, law-makers and the services which tackle disaffection," he adds.
You might also like:
Calling your husband by name for the first time
Man poisoned after eating cherry seeds
Why does the US military buy so much Viagra?
Simon Harding, senior lecturer in criminology at Middlesex University, says the other "modus operandi" for thieves is "use of force" - getting riders off their scooters by threatening them.  No anti-theft device can prevent that.
Dr Harding says although some stolen scooters are stripped for parts or shipped abroad (the average value of each machine stolen is estimated to be Â£3,000) the main attraction for the gangs is the ability to use them to carry out drug deals and commit other crimes - sometimes as many as 10 in the space of an hour.
The number of such offences recorded by police in London has more than trebled in a year.
In the 12 months to the end of June, the Metropolitan Police logged 16,158 crimes involving powered-two-wheel vehicles compared with 5,145 the year before.
Most of the offences were robbery and theft, with mobile phones making up 90% of items stolen. Phones can be reset within minutes and sold on, or used by gang members who like to have a handful of devices each.
"It's almost the perfect crime because they're committing it with gloves, helmets and visors," says Harding. "It's very difficult to see them, it's all over in seconds...and they're keenly aware that police may not chase them."
Metropolitan Police Deputy Assistant Commissioner Graham McNulty, vehicle crime lead for the National Police Chiefs Council, denies that it is the "perfect crime", pointing out that it is conducted in public, which means there are often witnesses. But he acknowledges that officers will end a pursuit if it gets "too dangerous".
"We do a lot of risk assessment about whether to pursue someone," says Mr McNulty. "Driving in London at speed, with lots of pedestrians, in built-up areas is a high-risk strategy."
An officer embarking on a car chase with criminals on a scooter has to seek authorisation from their control room. A tactical adviser will be on hand and the operation will be overseen by a chief inspector.  They will weigh up the risks of the pursuit against the seriousness of the offence of which the rider is suspected.
Police will consider if the suspect might be a danger to the public and if they are on their way to carry out more crimes, as well as conditions on the road - the weather, the time of day and whether there is a lot of other traffic.
The risks were brought home last year during the inquest into the death of 18-year-old Henry Hicks, who lost control of his moped and crashed after being pursued by two unmarked police cars in north London in December 2014.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission, which investigated the case, said police had "conducted a pursuit without authorisation from a senior officer in the control room" and had failed to "consider the risks to Henry of the pursuit or make any consideration as to whether he may have been a juvenile".  Four officers are to face gross misconduct proceedings.
After the case, Scotland Yard issued a reminder to officers about the potential hazards of such pursuits and said it had developed new tactics - including the use of tyre-deflation devices.  But there's believed to be a sense among scooter thieves that police have become more cautious about following them at speed.
"People are very well aware of the police tactics, therefore they're picking out vehicles... on the assumption that they're unlikely to be caught," says Daniel Silverstone, director of the Liverpool Centre for Advanced Policing Studies, who's carrying out research on scooter criminals.
"They're deliberately taking their helmets off, so they can't be pursued," he says, claiming police will call off a chase if they know a suspect is more at risk of a head injury.
Mr McNulty says although suspects removing their helmets is one of the "elements" they have to think about during a pursuit, he says it also gives police a "real advantage" because their face can be seen by victims, bystanders and on CCTV.
Indeed, much of the detective work involves identifying criminals in the hours and days after a pursuit by scouring phone and video footage, tracing the routes they take and looking for fingerprints and DNA evidence.
This week, two men were jailed for robbery after the owner of a Vespa was stabbed with a kitchen knife - John Tusting received a 10-year sentence and Lucian Riviere was jailed for eight years.
And last October, a thief who snatched 21 phones in an hour as he drove through five London boroughs was given a three-year sentence.
But in spite of the successes of the Met's anti-scooter crime campaign, Operation Venice, it appears to be an increasingly fashionable way for young criminals in particular to boost their street cred. They post online images of themselves on stolen bikes and circulate stories about what they have done.
"A great deal of it is about how young people are trying to rise above the pack," says Dr Harding. "It's being used to build up street capital, to build up their reputation."
Dr Harding says it is a crime that "suits the moment", with so many potential victims walking around with expensive phones, tablets and headphones, and it offers excitement - from the first stage, stealing the scooter, to the last, escaping from police.
"There is an absolute thrill factor - young people love the theft, the chase, the crime, the buzz - with the chase from police at the end," he says.
The two thieves who stole the pregnant woman's phone in East Finchley were chased by a man on a motorbike who happened to be in the area - but he lost sight of them. Thankfully, the victim's baby was unharmed, although she was left bruised and severely shaken.
There is a fear, however, that the violence is escalating, with a spate of scooter attacks involving corrosive substances in the past few weeks.
There is also concern that it could spread beyond London, which for reasons that are not entirely clear, has so far borne the brunt of this spate of attacks.
For the moment, there is no end in sight to this most mobile of crimes.

Scientists believe they see evidence of surface material having flowed around mountains and even ponding in craters.
The activity is certainly recent, they say, and may even be current.
But the mission team cautions that it has received only 4-5% of the data gathered during 14 July's historic flyby of the dwarf planet, and any interpretations must carry caveats.
"Pluto has a very complicated story to tell; Pluto has a very interesting history, and there is a lot of work we need to do to understand this very complicated place," said Alan Stern, the New Horizons principal investigator.
In a briefing at the US space agency's HQ in Washington DC, he and colleagues then outlined a number of new analyses based on the limited data-set in their possession.
These included the observation that Pluto has a much more rarified atmosphere than previously predicted by the models.
This statement comes from measurements made by the probe as it was looking back at Pluto following the flyby.
It could tell from the passage of sunlight and radiowaves through the Plutonian "air" that the pressure was only about 10 microbars at the surface (1 microbar is about a millionth of the air pressure on Earth at sea level).
The other key detection was of hazes in the atmosphere. These are likely the consequence of high-up methane being broken apart and processed by sunlight into simple hydrocarbons like ethylene and acetylene, which then fall, cool and condense to form a mist of ice particles.
Some of this material will probably be further processed into more complex chemistry that rains on to the surface to give certain regions their characteristic reddish hue.
But it is the idea of glacial activity having occurred on Pluto that is most likely to capture public attention.
This is interpreted to have happened at the edges of what has become known as Sputnik Planum - the great plain in the western half of Pluto's bright, heart-like feature just north of the equator.
High-resolution imagery from New Horizons' Lorri camera records wavy patterns that look just like the flowing ice of glaciers viewed by satellites at Earth.
And if there was still warmth coming from Pluto's interior then this could allow any surface ices to move and follow a slope, explained co-investigator Bill McKinnon from Washington University in St Louis.
"Water-ice at Pluto temperatures won't move anywhere; it's immobile and brittle," he told reporters. "But on Pluto, the kind of ices we think make up the planum (nitrogen ice, carbon monoxide and methane ices) - these ices are geologically soft and malleable, even at Pluto conditions, and they will flow in the same way that glaciers flow on Earth.
"So, we actually have evidence for recent geological activity."
His definition of "recent" was "no more than a few tens of millions of years". "And what we know about nitrogen ice and what we can estimate about the heat-flow coming from the interior of Pluto - there's no reason why this stuff cannot be going on today."
New Horizons continues to observe Pluto even though it has moved some 12 million km beyond the dwarf planet.
The probe is looking at the world as it makes its slow rotation (one Pluto day lasts 6.4 Earth days).
In about a week's time, this observation will cease and the spacecraft will be spun up.
This will permit systems that ordinarily are used to help maintain three-axis stability to be turned off.
Their power sacrifice can then be diverted to the transmitter to boost its output.
In September, engineers will command New Horizons to start sending back all of the outstanding scientific data it gathered during the flyby.
This stored information will be brought down in a compressed form first of all, followed by an uncompressed return.
The whole process - encompassing all observations of Pluto and its five moons - will not be completed until late 2016.
However, the New Horizons team says it will share the discoveries as they are made during the long downlinking period.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos

Shocked by the incident and other similar attacks on Africans in India, independent photographer Mahesh Shantaram began documenting the lives of Africans living in India.
Beginning with Bangalore, Shantaram travelled to the cities of Jaipur, Delhi and Manipal, choosing to focus on students, as they are a small and vulnerable group.
Shantaram's series of intimate portraits is part of an upcoming exhibition organised by Tasveer.
"Each portrait plays a part in unravelling the complex web of experiences of Africans in India that, put together, paint a picture of loneliness, placelessness and a sense of hostility," says art expert Caroline Bertram, in an original text on the exhibition.

The win keeps the Candystripes two points behind leaders Dundalk who won 2-0 away to Shamrock Rovers.
Former Plymouth striker Patterson scored his sixth goal of the season in the 14th minute at the Brandywell.
He shot into an empty net after the ball broke to him when keeper Dean Delany thwarted Barry McNamee.
Kurtis Byrne should have netted a speedy equaliser but the son of former Celtic player Paul Byrne completely missed his kick in front of goal.
That was the one big scare for Kenny Shiels' men on a night when both keepers had a quiet night.
Derry City have won six and drawn two in the eight games they have played since losing to Finn Harps on the first day of the season.

Thirteen people died and dozens were injured when a van ploughed into crowds in the city's Las Ramblas area in the afternoon.
The Belfast Telegraph speaks to a newlywed couple from west Belfast who were caught up in the horror.
Martin and Sharon Kane were on honeymoon in the city and described the scene as "chaos".
"People were screaming and crying. It was a stampede," Mr Kane told the paper. "We just ran into the nearest hotel. We were all panicked and Sharon was crying her eyes out."
The Irish News also reports on a County Armagh woman who was near the area at the time. Alana Fearon describes how "up to 13 police vans with riot police came past us".
"A police car came up and policeman shouted 'indoors, indoors' on a megaphone".
Ms Fearon, from Camlough, said she hopes to fly back to Dublin soon.
The News Letter speaks to Lurgan man Peter Nesbitt who teaches in the city.
Mr Nesbitt was not caught up in the attack, but has heard constant sirens since.
"The attack on Barcelona is something I did imagine happening," he said, citing the number of "western tourists" in the city.
Elsewhere in the papers, there's a stark warning about the dangers of drugs on the front page of the Irish News.
The "heartbroken" family of a west Belfast man who died of a drugs overdose, has made an "emotional appeal" to young people to stay away from drugs.
Darren McCann was found dead in October, after a lethal prescription drugs overdose.
His dad, Damien, said: "I loved him with all my heart. A part of me has died.
"We lost our son and I hope you can open your eyes and see what it does and what it has done to our lives."
James Brown once sang that it was a "man's world".
But women and girls in Northern Ireland have once again trounced their male counterparts in A-level results, report the papers.
One third of entries (33.3%) from girls achieved A* or A grades, compared to 26.8% of entries from boys getting those grades.
However, the Irish News reports that reasons behind the gender disparity are to be investigated.
Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) chief Justin Edwards said: "Whilst we must recognise and celebrate the achievements of female students, a widening of the gender gap is a concern."
The News Letter reports that while girls may be achieving better overall, there are still concerns when it comes to the number of female pupils doing Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) subjects.
More girls have studied STEM subjects over the last four years but growth has not been the same this year.
The Lisburn Road may be one of the most salubrious places to shop in Belfast but, according to the Belfast Telegraph, it's also where to go if you want a parking ticket.
The paper reports that more tickets were issued on the BT9 road in six months than in four towns, Coleraine, Strabane, Portrush and Dungannon, put together.
Figures obtained from the Department for Infrastructure (DfI) show 1,761 penalty charge notices (PCNs) issued on the Lisburn Road in the time period.
After Belfast, the second most ticketed place is Newry.
Incidentally, there are some perks if you live in one of the following 12 towns, where no parking tickets were issued at all:
The DfI said illegal parking has "knock-on impacts" for those trying to get around towns and cities.

Ahmed Awad bin Mubarak and two of his guards were seized early on Saturday in the centre of the capital Sanaa.
The Houthis said they abducted him to prevent a UN-brokered deal between them and the presidency being broken.
The country has been plagued by instability since mass protests forced former President, Ali Abdullah Saleh, to step down in 2012.
Scores of people have been killed in clashes between the Houthis and Sunni militants.
A statement from the Houthis warned President Hadi of "a series of special measures" they were prepared to take to prevent the breaking of the deal.
The two sides agreed a truce in September last year after mounting clashes in Sanaa.
Negotiations are under way to secure Mr Bin Mubarak's release.
Houthi rebels blocked his appointment as prime minister last year.
The group was formed in 2004 to win greater autonomy for their home region of Saada, and to protect followers of Zaidism, the branch of Islam they adhere to.
Their critics say they are a proxy for Iran, a charge the rebels deny.
A video purportedly from al-Qaeda in Yemen (AQAP) said it planned and financed the attack on the Charlie Hebdo offices in France that killed 12, but did not provide evidence to support its claims.
There have been separate protests in Sanaa about the rising violence in the country and against the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo's decision to publish an image of the Prophet Muhammad.

Italian Giovinazzi replaced Wehrlein for the season-opener in Australia after the 22-year-old German withdrew because of a lack of fitness following a back injury.
Giovinazzi, 23, finished 12th in Melbourne on his grand prix debut.
Wehrlein hopes to be fit for the third race of the championship in Bahrain or the following race in Russia.
"For me the most important is that I can train intensively to ensure a 100% performance from my side as soon as possible," said Wehrlein.
"I will then be well-prepared for my first complete grand prix weekend for Sauber."
Wehrlein, a Mercedes protege who was in the running to replace retired world champion Nico Rosberg at the factory team before losing out to Valtteri Bottas, injured his back in a crash at the Race of Champions in Miami in January.
Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff has backed Wehrlein to "come back strong".
"I feel for Pascal, because he has had all the bad luck," said Wolff.
"I'm impressed with the maturity he has shown to inform Sauber that he wouldn't be able to perform at the level required in Melbourne.
"That took courage and selflessness, which I know earned him a lot of credit within the team."

An independent panel appointed by Toshiba found institutional accounting irregularities, the firm said in a statement to investors.
Toshiba said it "takes the situation it has caused very seriously" and that it "deeply apologised" to shareholders.
The overstatement was roughly triple an initial Toshiba estimate.
The probe could lead to a restatement of earnings, a board overhaul and potential action by regulators.
"Within Toshiba, there was a corporate culture in which one could not go against the wishes of superiors," the report said.
"Therefore, when top management presented 'challenges', division presidents, line managers and employees below them continually carried out inappropriate accounting practices to meet targets in line with the wishes of their superiors."
The improper accounting practices stretched back to 2008.

The 29-year-old, who had only joined from AC Milan three days earlier, was accidentally caught on the right side of his head by Lorient midfielder Didier Ndong 15 minutes into the match.
"Jeremy was operated on under local anaesthesia on Wednesday night to sew up his ear," Bordeaux said.
"We wish a speedy recovery to our player and hope to see him back soon."
Gabon international Ndong said: "I apologise to Jeremy Menez, and to Bordeaux, and hope to see him back in Ligue 1 action soon.
"It was completely involuntary but had unfortunate consequences for him."

The centre-right coalition led by Mr Passos Coelho won the most seats in the election on 4 October.
But Socialist leader Antonio Costa has been working to build a coalition with far-left parties.
Many believe that Mr Passos Coelho will fail to pass the test of a vote of no confidence in Portugal's parliament.
President Anibal Cavaco Silva would then be expected to ask the left to form a government.
There are fears that weeks of uncertainty could harm Portugal's economic recovery, more than a year after it exited the strict terms of its â‚¬78bn (Â£57bn) international bailout.
EU officials have threatened to take action against Portugal for missing a 15 October deadline to present its draft 2016 budget.
Portugal is still running one of the highest budget deficits in the eurozone.
12%
of the workforce is unemployed
20%
of people live below the poverty line
485,000 emigrated from Portugal between 2011 and 2014
125% debt to GDP - the second highest rate in the European Union
Mr Passos Coelho's Social Democrats have promised to present a budget, but the two left-wing parties campaigned strongly against his outgoing government's record of harsh austerity.
The Left Bloc is seen as allied to the anti-austerity Syriza party in Greece, which for months tried to renegotiate the terms of Greece's eurozone bailout.
Portugal's Communist Party is regarded as anti-euro and anti-Nato, although it is thought to have moderated its eurozone policies in recent weeks.
If Mr Costa's Socialists are eventually chosen to lead a left-wing coalition, it would be the first time since the fall of Portugal's dictatorship in 1974 that a right-wing president appointed a government backed by communists.
After his re-appointment as prime minister leading a right-of-centre coalition, Pedro Passos Coelho has 10 days to appoint ministers and secure parliamentary approval.
That may prove impossible, since his coalition lost its majority in the 4 October election and the Socialists have pledged to reject his programme if their talks with other parties succeed.
Together, the Socialists, Left Bloc and Communist Party have a majority. All wanted the president to appoint Mr Costa - arguing that anything else was a waste of time.
If Mr Passos Coelho does fail, the president could then appoint Mr Costa or keep the incumbent on as caretaker.
Fresh legislative elections may only take place from June, after voters have elected a new president early next year.

Dave Edwards appeared to have won the game with a strike from a tight angle in the 90th minute, but Floyd Ayite headed in four minutes into added time.
Kortney Hause had headed Wolves ahead but Fulham responded with strikes from Stefan Johansen, Ayite and Tom Cairney.
Two goals in nine minutes from Matt Doherty and Ivan Cavaleiro brought Wolves level before a last-gasp finale.
Following on from new boss Paul Lambert's first victory since he took charge, at QPR nine days before, Wolves made a good start when Hause headed home Helder Costa's far-post corner on 22 minutes.
But Stefan Johansen levelled from inside the Wolves box 10 minutes later, with a first-time right-foot shot into the top-left corner.
Fulham then struck twice more in the space of three minutes, Ayite climbing at the far post to head back across goal, before Cairney's superb volley into the top corner from the edge of the box.
Nouha Dicko touched on Conor Coady's cross on 65 minutes for Doherty to give Wolves hope before Cavaleiro burst into the box nine minutes later to equalise.
Wales international Edwards then thought he had won it when he shot into the roof of the net from a narrow angle at the far post.
But Fulham had the final word, as Ayite struck from inside the six-yard box, squeezing his second goal of the game past debutant home keeper Harry Burgoyne, who was deputising for the injured Carl Ikeme and Andy Lonergan.
Wolves, who climb back up a place to 19th, ended their run of four consecutive home league defeats, while Fulham, who have lost just once in six games, are up to 9th.
Wolves head coach Paul Lambert:
"It's not often you will see those types of games. It was exciting and I'm proud of the way we came back. We've got to be stronger defensively but we look a threat going forward.
"It's heart-attack material. But that's why you play the game and that's why I have got back into it.
"The crowd here are a major factor. They were unbelievable for us. They were great. If we turn in performances like that week in, week out, this will be a great place.
"We were up against a really good side but, in the second half, we were outstanding. We need a little bit of help in January, there's no two ways about it - a bit of know-how - but we have a young, talented team."
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic:
"I am not thinking about going up or staying in the league. I am thinking how we are going to fix our problems.
"We led 3-1 and then we were losing. We controlled many things and we can score some goals, but we can be more clinical.
"We didn't kill the game and we suffered for that. We didn't manage our situation very well especially in the last half an hour.
"Wolves, with very simple football, created so many problems and, in this situation, we have to be more solid. We have to improve and not show our weaknesses."
Match ends, Wolverhampton Wanderers 4, Fulham 4.
Second Half ends, Wolverhampton Wanderers 4, Fulham 4.
Goal!  Wolverhampton Wanderers 4, Fulham 4. Floyd Ayité (Fulham) header from the left side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Tomas Kalas with a headed pass following a corner.
Corner,  Fulham. Conceded by Danny Batth.
Substitution, Fulham. Neeskens Kebano replaces Tim Ream.
Tom Cairney (Fulham) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Ivan Cavaleiro (Wolverhampton Wanderers).
Harry Burgoyne (Wolverhampton Wanderers) is shown the yellow card.
Goal!  Wolverhampton Wanderers 4, Fulham 3. David Edwards (Wolverhampton Wanderers) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the top right corner. Assisted by Nouha Dicko.
Attempt missed. Nouha Dicko (Wolverhampton Wanderers) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right.
Corner,  Wolverhampton Wanderers. Conceded by Tomas Kalas.
Attempt missed. Ivan Cavaleiro (Wolverhampton Wanderers) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Jón Dadi Bödvarsson.
Corner,  Wolverhampton Wanderers. Conceded by Tim Ream.
Substitution, Wolverhampton Wanderers. João Teixeira replaces Hélder Costa.
Substitution, Wolverhampton Wanderers. Jack Price replaces Conor Coady.
Attempt missed. Scott Parker (Fulham) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Tom Cairney.
Ryan Fredericks (Fulham) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Ivan Cavaleiro (Wolverhampton Wanderers).
Corner,  Fulham. Conceded by Danny Batth.
Attempt missed. David Edwards (Wolverhampton Wanderers) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Hélder Costa with a cross.
Attempt missed. Jón Dadi Bödvarsson (Wolverhampton Wanderers) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
Attempt saved. Tom Cairney (Fulham) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Kevin McDonald.
Attempt blocked. Stefan Johansen (Fulham) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Floyd Ayité.
Attempt saved. Stefan Johansen (Fulham) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Tom Cairney.
Attempt saved. Matt Doherty (Wolverhampton Wanderers) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Ivan Cavaleiro.
Goal!  Wolverhampton Wanderers 3, Fulham 3. Ivan Cavaleiro (Wolverhampton Wanderers) left footed shot from the left side of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Matt Doherty.
Substitution, Fulham. Scott Parker replaces Sone Aluko.
Scott Malone (Fulham) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Scott Malone (Fulham).
Hélder Costa (Wolverhampton Wanderers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Tom Cairney (Fulham) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Tom Cairney (Fulham).
Ivan Cavaleiro (Wolverhampton Wanderers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Floyd Ayité (Fulham) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Dominic Iorfa (Wolverhampton Wanderers).
Foul by Scott Malone (Fulham).
Jón Dadi Bödvarsson (Wolverhampton Wanderers) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Attempt missed. Chris Martin (Fulham) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Stefan Johansen with a cross following a corner.
Corner,  Fulham. Conceded by Matt Doherty.
Attempt blocked. Floyd Ayité (Fulham) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked.

The event aims to give an insight into mountain terrains and culture and offers film makers the chance to show their work to a wider audience.
The two-day festival at George Square Lecture Theatre in Edinburgh.
Tickets for the event, which starts on Saturday, start at Â£6.
Stevie Christie, Edinburgh Mountain film festival director, explains: "Whether you are a committed outdoor enthusiast or more of an armchair fan, or if you simply enjoy hearing enthralling stories set against incredibly beautiful scenery, there is something for you at the EMFF.
"And if you wish you could have adventures like the ones you see but can't find the time in your life, we even have a short film which tells you the solution."

Brian Auchterlonie, 27, has been jailed for 40 months for attacking Casey Thomson, 32, between Rutland Square and Festival Square on Tuesday 12 July.
Auchterlonie had pleaded guilty previously to assault and robbery.
Ms Thomson's mother could hear her calling out: "Mum, mum, I'm being mugged". Ms Thomson suffered facial injuries and her purse was stolen.
Sentence had been deferred at Edinburgh Sheriff Court for a background report and risk assessment.
Fiscal Depute, Gerard Drugan, told Sheriff Thomas Welsh, Ms Thomson was talking to her mother on her mobile phone as she walked from George Street to Rutland Square in the early evening.
"It was unusually quiet" said the fiscal. Ms Thomson had two bags over her shoulder.
She looked behind her and saw a man approaching her. He said: "Give me the bags", there was a struggle and he repeatedly hit her in the face and head.
Ms Thomson gave her purse to Auchterlonie to stop the attacks. He grabbed it and ran off.
The fiscal said the attack lasted only 80 seconds and all that time Ms Thomson's mobile was still active.
Ms Thomson, who was covered in blood, was treated at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary.
CCTV footage showed Auchterlonie hiding as his victim walked past, running after her, carrying out the attack and running away.
He also dropped his pen which provided DNA evidence.
Defence solicitor, Steve Donald, told Sheriff Welsh his client had no recollection of the incident.
He said Auchterlonie was currently subject to a supervised release order.
Sheriff Welsh said that in the recent past Auchterlonie had committed four offences of assault, robbery and assault to injury.
Det Con Alison Wyllie, of Police Scotland, said: "I am very grateful for the public response to the media appeal.
"As a result of this appeal we received information that ultimately led to his arrest and conviction."

The prime minister said it was wrong to treat "the symptoms of the social and economic problems we face" while "ignoring the causes" of low pay.
He argued the UK should be a "lower tax, lower welfare society".
It comes amid a debate over plans for £12bn in welfare cuts, the details of which have not been revealed.
The government says the welfare bill has to take its fair share of cuts as part of its plan to balance the books and eliminate the £90bn deficit by 2017-8.
With ministers having pledged to protect pensioner benefits and child benefit, BBC assistant political editor Norman Smith said Mr Cameron's speech was a "pretty clear steer" that much of the £12bn would come from tax credits and housing benefit.
Ahead of next month's Budget, in which Chancellor George Osborne is expected to give more details of which entitlements will be cut, Labour has warned of a likely cut to the £29bn annual tax credit bill.
According to the Treasury, about 4.5 million families received child and working tax credits in 2013-4, nearly 70% of which were in some form of employment.
In a speech in Runcorn, Mr Cameron said he wanted to move from a "low wage, high tax, high welfare society to a high wage, low tax, low welfare" one.
He condemned what he called "a tolerance of government failure" in social policy, citing "sink schools that have failed one generation after another".
Almost all of the 117,000 "troubled families" identified for intervention had been "turned around" in terms of school attendance or getting a job, he said.
"You identify a million people who you'd like to take £1,000 away from and I'll do it."
That's what a former Tory benefits axeman in the 1990's used to tell fellow MPs who urged him to find an easy £1bn cut from the nation's welfare bills.
So, "all" that his successor, Iain Duncan Smith, and the Chancellor, George Osborne, have to do now is identify 12 million people they'd like to take £1,000 away from.
The two men met with the prime minister last Thursday to find agreement on how to find the £12bn they've promised to cut from the nation's benefit bill in the next two years. It is not clear that they have yet found it.
Read more from Nick
Mr Cameron said he would "always make sure that work pays", while striving to reducing the tax burden on the low-paid, ensure the minimum wage reflects improvements in the economy and guarantee young people have the skills to compete in the workplace.
"When it comes to extending opportunity - there is a right track and a wrong track," he said.
"The right track is to recognise the causes of stalled social mobility and a lack of economic opportunity. Family breakdown. Debt. Addiction. Poor schools. Lack of skills. Unemployment. People capable of work, written off to a lifetime on benefits.
"Recognise those causes, and the solutions follow. Strong families that give children the best start in life. A great education system that helps everyone get on. A welfare system that encourages work - well paid work."
He added: "The wrong track though, is to ignore the causes, and simply treat the symptoms of the social and economic problems we face.
"Take for example the complacency in how we approach the crucial issue of low pay. There is what I would call a merry-go-round.
"People working on the minimum wage having that money taxed by the government and then the government giving them that money back - and more - in welfare.
"Again, it's dealing with the symptoms of the problem - topping up low pay rather than extending the drivers of opportunity - helping to create well paid jobs in the first place."
The welfare budget in brief
Source: Institute for Fiscal Studies
Read more about where the welfare budget is spent
Harriet Harman, the acting leader of the Labour Party, said reducing tax credits would be "absolutely the wrong thing to do".
She said: "This is going to hit hard at families where they're going out to work but they're low paid so they need tax credits to top up their income." People on tax credits are not "abusers of the welfare system" she added.
The TUC said the government had "smashed the myth" that it was on the side of working people, warning cuts to tax credits would leave many families "on the poverty line".
But speaking in the House of Commons, Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith accused the last Labour government of using tax credits to "try and buy votes", saying spending had jumped markedly in the run-up to the 2005 and 2010 general elections.
Pressed by Labour MPs to categorically rule out cuts to disability benefits, Mr Duncan Smith said claimants with disabilities should not be "fearful" of the government's plans as "the most vulnerable" would be protected.
"We have to review welfare policy but we want to do it in a way that changes lives," he said, adding that "we debated the overall figure of £12bn and they (Labour) lost the election".

Media playback is not supported on this device
Both missed last weekend's bruising 16-16 draw against Wales because of hamstring injuries.
Simon Zebo, who played full-back in that game, and winger Keith Earls are ruled out with injuries.
Earls received a blow to the head against Wales and his place goes to Dave Kearney.
Zebo had been receiving treatment for a knee injury.
O'Brien's return means Tommy O'Donnell loses his starting position and is on the replacements' bench at the Stade de France.
Podcast: Six Nations week two preview
Fly-half Johnny Sexton and winger Andrew Trimble have been passed fit, having  got over knocks.
Sexton suffered a heavy blow to the chest on Sunday while Trimble had a shoulder problem.
France have made six changes from their narrow opening win over Italy.
Props Jefferson Poirot and Uini Atonio, lock Alexandre Flanquart, flanker Yacouba Camara, centre Maxime Mermoz and winger Teddy Thomas come into the team.
Thomas, 22, makes his return after a year-long absence with an injury he picked up against Ireland in last year's Six Nations.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt had been forced to delay his team announcement because of fitness doubts over a number of players.
"We were just trying to clarify the fitness of Simon Zebo and Keith Earls, both of whom we have left out of the squad," Schmidt said.
"They got through training and at the same time we just felt they weren't 100%  fit. We just felt it was a risk."
Fergus McFadden, who was overlooked for Ireland's initial Six Nations squad, has been summoned as a replacement for Saturday.
The 29-year-old was brought into Ireland's training ranks in midweek to cover Earls' absence with suspected concussion.
Scrum-half Eoin Reddan and hooker Richardt Strauss are also on the bench, taking the places of Kieran Marmion and Sean Cronin.
France: Maxime Medard, Teddy Thomas, Maxime Mermoz; Jonathan Danty, Virimi Vakatawa; Jules Plisson, Sebastien Bezy; Jefferson Poirot, Guilhem Guirado (capt), Uini Atonio, Alexandre Flanquart, Yoann Maestri, Wenceslas Lauret, Yacouba Camara, Damien Chouly.
Replacements: Camille Chat, Rabah Slimani, Eddy Ben Arous, Paul Jedresiak, Loann Goujon, Maxime Machenaud, Jean-Marc Doussain, Hugo Bonneval.
Ireland: Rob Kearney, Andrew Trimble, Jared Payne, Robbie Henshaw, Dave Kearney, Johnny Sexton, Conor Murray; Jack McGrath, Rory Best (capt), Nathan White, Mike McCarthy, Devin Toner, CJ Stander, Sean O'Brien, Jamie Heaslip.
Replacements: Richardt Strauss, James Cronin, Tadhg Furlong, Donnacha Ryan, Tommy O'Donnell, Eoin Reddan, Ian Madigan, Fergus McFadden.

The travel documentary Bath: Queen of the West, filmed in 1952 and presented by Richard Dimbleby, was found in 2010.
It was uncovered on some dusty old reels in the corner of the projection room in Bath's Little Theatre cinema.
It is thought the cinema screened the footage in the 1960s but forgot to return it.
The British Film Institute (BFI) confirmed the footage had been considered lost for years.
The film depicts a post-war Bath before redevelopment work took place in the 1960s and with walls still covered in soot.
Dick Fiddy, of the BFI, said: "This is a genuine new find from the early days of TV and an intriguing travelogue featuring a fascinating look at Bath of the 1950s."
Broadcast as part of the About Britain series, the programme takes in the Roman Baths where Dimbleby talks to the assistant curator about excavations on the site.
The programme also features a history of the city and looks at the Georgian architecture of Prior Park, the Royal Crescent and Circus.
Bath: Queen of the West is being screened at the Little Theatre on Sunday at 15:00 BST.

Several of them died around the Syrian border town of Kobane, Attorney General George Brandis.
Mr Brandis said Islamic State (IS) militants were using Australian recruits as "cannon fodder".
About 70 Australians are still believed to be fighting in the Middle East, while another 20 have returned home.
Australia has introduced legislation to combat the threat from those fighters who come back home.
Propaganda had fooled Australian recruits who believed they were playing an important role in a religious crusade, Mr Brandis said.
"They are simply using them as frontline cannon fodder, suicide bombers and propaganda tools."
Among those reportedly killed in Syria is Sydney man Mohammad Ali Baryalei, an alleged IS recruiter who was accused of masterminding a terror plot to behead random members of the Australian public.
Under a Foreign Fighters Bill that adopted by the Australian parliament in October, it is an offence for Australians to visit areas declared as "terror hot-spots".
Last week, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop used this provision to declare it an offence for Australians to visit the de-facto IS capital of Raqqa in Syria without a valid reason.
Australians face up to 10 years in prison for illegally visiting the region.

The stone memorial is on the banks of Llyn Egnant - one of the famous Teifi pools - near the village of Ffair Rhos in Ceredigion.
He died last year at the age of 86.
A prominent figure in the Welsh fishing community, Mr Morgan once took the former US President Jimmy Carter on a fishing trip in mid Wales and they became great friends.
The stone memorial was unveiled by his widow, Julia Morgan.
He was described as the "grand-daddy of game angling in Wales" by Cheryl Bulman, of Tregaron Angling Association, which is celebrating its centenary year.
She said that Mr Morgan, the Teifi River and Tregaron Angling Association were "intrinsically linked".

Officers said new information suggested the pair had met a "short time" before clinging to a British Airways flight from Johannesburg to Heathrow.
One man was found dead on the roof of a building in Richmond on 18 June.
The second man found on the plane was in a "critical condition" in hospital.
The deceased man was found on the roof of notonthehighstreet.com's headquarters on Kew Road at about 09:35 BST on 18 June.
A post-mortem examination found he had died from multiple injuries.
Police said an inquest had been opened and adjourned and officers believed they knew the identity of the deceased man, but were awaiting formal identification.
The force has been liaising with the South African authorities throughout their investigation.
British Airways previously said it was working with the authorities to "establish the facts surrounding this very rare case".
The 5,600-mile journey (9,012km) from Johannesburg to the UK usually takes about 11 hours.
There have been other cases where stowaways have fallen to their deaths after smuggling themselves onto planes and hiding in landing gear.
In September 2012, Jose Matada, 26, was found dead after falling from the undercarriage of a flight from Angola to Heathrow on to a street in Mortlake, west London.
An inquest heard he may have survived freezing temperatures of up to minus 60C (-76F) for most of the 12-hour flight, but it was believed he was "dead or nearly dead" by the time he hit the ground.

The man was arrested as he waited to board a plane at Johannesburg airport.
Officials said a scan of his body revealed the diamonds he had ingested, worth $2.3m (Â£1.4m; 1.8m euros), inside.
The man was reportedly of Lebanese origin and was travelling to Dubai.
"We nabbed him just before he went through the security checkpoint," Paul Ramaloko, spokesman of the South Africa elite police unit the Hawks said, according to Agence France Presse.
Authorities believe the man belongs to a smuggling ring. Another man was arrested in March also attempting to smuggle diamonds out the country in a similar way.
South Africa is among the world's top producers of diamonds.

The Serb, then world number three, was beaten 6-3 6-2 by Frenchman Fabrice Santoro, ranked 36 places below him.
Djokovic, 28, says the match has only been re-examined following a corruption investigation by the media.
"You can pick any match that you like that the top player lost and just create a story out of it," he said.
"I think it's not supported by any kind of proof, any evidence, any facts.  It's just speculation, so I don't think there is a story about it."
A joint BBC/Buzzfeed investigation alleged that the Tennis Integrity Unit (TIU), the organisation responsible for policing the sport, failed to act on suspicions that 16 top-50 ranked players have been involved in match-fixing.
Djokovic, the world number one, has previously claimed he was offered £110,000 to lose a first-round match at the St Petersburg Open in 2007.
When asked about the claims about the Santoro match in Tuttosport after his Australian Open second-round victory over French qualifier Quentin Halys, Djokovic said:  "What it is to say? I've lost that match?
"I don't know if you're trying to create a story about that match, or for that matter any of the matches of the top players losing in the early rounds. I think it's just absurd."
Media playback is not supported on this device
Meanwhile, a former senior police officer has claimed tennis authorities failed to act on "extremely damaging evidence" he provided about a player linked to Sicilian gamblers thought to be fixing matches at Wimbledon.
Albert Kirby, a former detective who had previously been in charge of the James Bulger murder investigation, prepared a secret report for the ATP in 2008 as part of an inquiry into suspected match fixing.
The ATP report into a suspicious match between the Russian Nikolay Davydenko and Martin Vassallo Arguello of Argentina cleared both players of breaking any rules.
However, Kirby said he obtained phone evidence from Arguello which he claims showed he had links to four suspected Italian fixers.
"That information showed conclusively of his direct contact with the Italian gamblers. There was really a prima facie case to go for him," he told the BBC.
Arguello has not responded to questions about his connections to the Italian gamblers. The ATP has categorically denied suppressing the evidence uncovered by investigators and said the information was not strong enough to merit any further enquiries.

Councils in Exmouth, Sidmouth and Seaton are splashing out Â£15,000 in an effort to stop the gulls nesting.
Falconer Jonathan Marshall said: "The birds are crossed between a peregrine, gyr and saker falcon.
"Peregrines are the fastest, gyr are the largest and saker are very aggressive and persistent, which make a manmade super falcon."
Simon Pollentine, chair of tourism committee in Sidmouth, said the "nuisance" gulls disturbed people who were eating outside and fouled on buildings.
"If we can deter them it's all for the best," he added.
Mr Marshall said of his falcons: "Seagulls are petrified of them, but the birds don't kill the gulls, that isn't the idea.
"The very presence is enough to scare the seagulls and prevent them from nesting."
Christopher Holland, Sidmouth's town clerk, said the falcons will fly three times a week - at different times of the day -and if the weather is poor, Mr Marshall will use a "falcon-shaped kite" in an attempt to unsettle the gulls.
The falcons will be used until the end of July, when the nesting season finishes.
A similar scheme was introduced in Scotland five years ago by Dumfries and Galloway Council, however it was later abandoned when the number of nesting gulls increased to 370 - an increase of 18.5% on the previous year.
The RSPB said it was unsure how effective the falcons would be.
"We wait with interest to see whether the "super falcon" is super enough to give Exmouth, Seaton and Sidmouth's gulls a fright," said the charity's representative Tony Whitehead.
"In my experience, gulls are not the most timid of creatures - they're also intelligent and may simply clock what's going on."
Mr Whitehead said being "set upon" by a herring gull was not a pleasant experience, but they would react aggressively to protect their young.
He also welcomed the councils' plan to distribute leaflets to hotels, restaurants and cafes asking people not to feed the gulls.
"While throwing chips and bread to our feathered seaside friends may provide temporary amusement, please don't, it just encourages them," he added.

Arteta, 34, retired from playing at the end of last season after five years at Emirates Stadium.
He won two FA Cups with Arsenal, making 150 appearances and scoring 17 goals.
"I have always been interested in more than just the playing side," said Arteta, describing working under Guardiola as "an amazing opportunity".
Arteta was seen crying after his final Arsenal match, a 4-0 win over Aston Villa on the last day of the Premier League season in May.
He began his career at Spanish giants Barcelona and had spells at Paris St-Germain, Rangers and Real Sociedad before moving to Everton.
Guardiola's first game since succeeding Manuel Pellegrini as City boss will be against Manchester United in a pre-season tournament in China on 25 July.
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.

Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri says he wrote the curriculum - in English, Arabic and Urdu - to counter and undermine the extremists' arguments that they speak in the name of Islam.
It was unveiled at a launch in London on Tuesday.
"This isn't a process that started yesterday. That radicalisation began to happen 30 years ago," he says.
"You can see this gradual process of grooming by extremist groups such as IS and we must address that, and the arguments used by IS to justify their criminal, terrorist activities.
"You have to tell young people that IS and others are giving them the wrong interpretations of Islamic concepts such as jihad.
"Many young people don't have the scriptural or textual knowledge to interpret their religion properly and Islamic State exploits the emotions and the idealism of the young, although this ideology has nothing to do with the Koran.
"So this curriculum goes to the source material of Islam, and answers the questions young people are asking."
At least 700 Britons are estimated to have travelled to Syria and Iraq, many of them to join IS.
Five years ago, Mr Qadri issued a fatwa or teaching declaring that suicide bombers were unbelievers.
He is keen to help prevent more young people sharing the same fate as the young Britons who have died after joining IS, and would like his curriculum to be taught not just at mosques and Islamic institutions but used in state schools across Britain.
"This curriculum is for parents, teachers, and students, so that young Muslims may become aware of the false interpretations being spread by IS.
"But this is not a battle of 'you versus us' because the young people who went to fight for IS are our children, our future, our sons and daughters.
"We are working for cohesion and for inclusion, not to exclude or divide, and we want to make clear that the violent and extreme activities being carried out by IS in the name of religion are totally in violation of the Koran and Islam."
Mr Qadri, head of the global Minhaj ul-Quran religious and educational organisation, plans to take his curriculum to Pakistan, India, the Middle East and the US.
The move comes a few days after Prime Minister David Cameron called on Muslim communities to do more to stop young people being radicalised by groups such as IS - also known as ISIS - saying some Muslims were quietly condoning extremist views.
He was criticised for those comments by Baroness Warsi, the first Muslim to serve in a British cabinet.
She spoke at Tuesday's launch, telling an audience of imams, police, politicians and academics that the government should consider using the curriculum in all schools.
"The British Muslim communities are a pivotal part of the solution," she says.
"British Muslim communities do not quietly condone IS - they condemn it and this curriculum has been created to help ensure that people have the necessary material to challenge the ideological arguments that ISIS are producing.
"I think it is important for government to now engage with Muslim communities and engage with this curriculum as well.
"What you're seeing here today is people of all faiths and all theological backgrounds within Islam getting together to say 'we condemn ISIS', and it's important to acknowledge that and all the work that is being done up and down the country."
However, will Muslims in Britain and elsewhere be listening to Mr Qadri or following his curriculum?
Matthew Wilkinson, a Muslim theologian and educational philosopher based at UCL Institute of Education, and director of research project Curriculum for Cohesion, believes the launch marks a small but significant step "because it has come from the heart of the Muslim community".
It has some "from a significant and renowned scholar of Islam, and addresses the problem of Islamist violent extremism from within the theological traditions of Islam... and that's important", he says.
Mr Wilkinson believes the process of de-radicalisation will take a long time, perhaps a generation or two "of good education and political solutions".
However, some other Islamic scholars fear Mr Qadri's political work in Pakistan may detract from his overall message, and suggest that his influence could be limited to his own tradition and may not reach out to those within Islam who scorn the Sufi tradition.

Jamie Walsh's body was found after officers were called to a disturbance at a flat in Wren Road at about 19:10 on Thursday.
The arrested man is expected to appear at Greenock Sheriff Court on Monday.

The Iron Man actor offered the chance to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of his new film Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron in Los Angeles.
Dorset-based charity, Julia's House, has now raised more than half of the £3m needed to build the new hospice.
Chief executive Martin Edwards said it was "absolutely surreal" for someone as famous as Downey Jr to lend support.
He said the money meant the charity could now "go shopping" to buy land for its new building.
The as-yet-unnamed winner will be flown to the United States, where he or she will be fitted for a tuxedo or ball gown before arriving at the premiere as part of the motorcade.
A helicopter flight over Los Angeles is also included in the prize.

Discarded chewing gum was also seen on three-quarters of streets surveyed for Keep Wales Tidy, while dog fouling was found on one in 10.
Despite this, 96% of streets were graded as acceptable to the public.
Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant said "everybody" was responsible for keeping streets clean.
Keep Wales Tidy said smoking-related litter - which is predominantly made up of cigarette butts - was difficult to clean up.
It could also affect the environment and wildlife by contaminating water supplies with toxic chemicals, it added.
Chief executive Lesley Jones said:  "I would emphasise that it isn't just the responsibility of local authorities to clean up an area, but everyone who lives, works, visits a street, park, beach, city, town or village to keep it clean and create a good environment for all."
Its research - published in the All Wales Report (How Clean are our Streets?) - was funded by the Welsh government.

Nev Edwards scored an early try for Sale, before Castres' Florian Vialelle went over, but Julien Dumora's penalty put the hosts 10-7 ahead at the break.
Joe Ford sent over a penalty before Castres' Marc-Antoine Rallier and Sales' Will Addison were sin-binned.
Julien Caminati's late attempt to stop Charlie Ingall saw Sale awarded the decisive penalty try.
The win moves the English Premiership side to within one point of Pool Two leaders Newport Gwent Dragons after three games.
Sale got off to the ideal start, Edwards sprinting away for the game's opening points from an Andrei Ostrikov kick, but Castres heaped the pressure on in search of a reply, which came through Vialelle on eight minutes.
Sharks flanker Magnus Lund was forced off with a head injury before the television match official denied Castres a second try, with replays showing that the Sharks defence did enough to force full-back Caminati into touch.
Ford had a chance to put Sale ahead again, but his penalty on 27 minutes drifted wide. Dumora, however, made no mistake soon after, slotting over to give the French side the lead on 33 minutes.
A combination of probing grubber kicks and scrappy play eventually led to Ford teeing up his second penalty attempt, with the fly-half this time booting the three points to make it 10-10.
Rallier's yellow card following a scuffle saw Ford opt for the posts soon after, but he was off target again before Sales' one-man advantage was lost as Addison was sin-binned.
Sharks pushed for the breakthrough as Ingall went close to touching down, and the video referee eventually gave the penalty try after deciding that Caminati's attempt to stop the winger was illegal.
Castres: Caminati; Martial, Vialelle, Combezou, Decrop; Dumora, Dupont; Taumoepeau, Rallier, Montes; Samson, Moreaux, Caballero, Diarra, Beattie.
Replacements: Beziat, Tichit, Martinez, Desroche, Babillot, Fontaine, Lamerat, Seron.
Sale: Arscott; Edwards, Addison, Jennings, Ingall; Ford, Mitchell, Lewis-Roberts, Briggs, Mujati, Mills, Ostrikov, Lund, Seymour (capt), Easter.
Replacements: Taylor, Flynn, Parker, Beaumont, Neild, Jeffers, James, Haley.
Referee: David Wilkinson (Ireland)

Westley Odger, 27, was attacked in Colchester, Essex, on 12 September 2005, during a row at a cash point.
Brothers Andrew and Mark Fredericks were jailed over the fatal stabbing.
Ann Oakes-Odger, who was made an MBE for knife crime prevention work, said she felt the issue had been permanently put on the map since her son's death.
"When this happened to Westley, I know that there had been problems with people using knives, and violence, and so on, but it had never really had any proper focus.
"So the campaign I started following the trial of the two people responsible was to get it on the map, get it on the agenda, get it to government.
"And we managed to, with the support of [former Colchester MP] Bob Russell, achieve two select committee inquires.
"We've now got on the map education and tougher sentencing for knife murder."
Ms Oakes-Odger, whose son was stabbed after telling a man not to push in the queue at a cash machine, was part of a successful campaign to amend the Criminal Justice Act to create a new starting sentence, normally of 25 years, for courts considering the minimum term for murderers who used a knife.
"I know Westley would be very proud and pleased that in his memory I've tried to do something positive, because he was a very positive person in life and I feel the work I'm doing in his memory is a continuation of his life in spirit," she said.
"For me, he carries on the journey with me and everything I do is in the spirit of his personality."

The new recruits will work on the production of the Q30 model - the first large scale manufacturing of a new car brand in the UK for 23 years.
This will be followed by a second smaller Infiniti model, the QX30.
The company, which employs nearly 6,800 staff, said it was the "beginning of a new era". The cars will be targeted at the Chinese and North American markets.

Aberdeen Coastguard said the alert was raised close to the entrance to the port shortly after 08:00.
The animal had broken free while being loaded onto a transport float.
The cow was shot by police marksmen about five hours later. Police Scotland said humane destruction was a "last resort" but public safety and animal welfare had to be a priority.
The cow was starting to be swept away when the decision was taken to shoot it.
A NorthLink Ferries spokesperson said: "The animal was being loaded onto a road transport float when the incident occurred."
An Aberdeen Harbour spokesperson said the port had remained open, with vessel entry being taken on a "case-by-case basis".
An animal sanctuary had offered to take the cow if it had been possible to rescue it.

The tally represents nearly 30% of winners in the 24 men's and women's races.
Last week the newspaper - along with German broadcaster ARD - revealed details from a leak of 12,000 blood test results from 5,000 athletes.
The latest revelations focus on what the Sunday Times calls "the alarming extent of suspected cheating by elite athletes in the six mass public marathons around the world."
London, Boston, Chicago, New York, Berlin and Tokyo are the races to which they refer.
Based on "an expert analysis", the newspaper claims:
The files belong to world governing body the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), but have been leaked by a whistle-blower.
London Marathon chief executive Nick Bitel said the IAAF has agreed to increase out-of-competition tests for athletes at the world's six major marathons, but criticised the organisation.
"We are disappointed when we have been doing more than anyone to fight doping in our sport," Bitel told BBC Radio 5 live's Sportsweek.
Media playback is not supported on this device
"This is about the IAAF's failure to take effective action."
Two of the world's "foremost anti-doping experts", scientists Robin Parisotto and Michael Ashenden, have reviewed the data.
According to them, a third of the medals claimed in endurance events at World Championships and Olympics were won by athletes with abnormal or suspicious blood tests. It is claimed none of these athletes have been stripped of their medals. Parisotto said he had never seen such an abnormal set of blood values.
"So many athletes appear to have doped with impunity, and it is damning that the IAAF appears to have idly sat by and let this happen," he said.
The evidence is not proof of doping, but the revelations will raise more serious questions over whether the sport is doing enough to combat cheating ahead of the World Athletics Championships in Beijing later this month.
On Friday the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) announced that it would launch an "urgent" investigation into the allegations. The IAAF has agreed to hand its full database - seen by the BBC - to the anti-doping body.
In a statement, it said: "In sharing what we believe to be the database in question with the Independent Commission formed by Wada, the IAAF is comfortable that an independent, impartial assessment of the data and the follow-up action by the IAAF will now be made by the competent authority."
This week, the IAAF is set to strip a number of athletes of medals won over the last decade, the BBC understands. This retrospective action - or "delayed justice" - will be a result of the re-testing of old samples and analysis of blood passports.
However, the IAAF has condemned the leak, and insists that the two experts had "no knowledge whatsoever of the actions taken by the IAAF in following these suspicious profiles" and that their analysis "contains a number of seriously incorrect assertions".
It added: "Of most concern to us is that the two scientists continue to defend their statements that the IAAF did nothing to act on 'suspicious profiles'.
"If these scientists have evidence that the IAAF did not follow up suspicious samples, then they should immediately make this available to the Wada Commission.
"If they do not have evidence, then we urge that they refrain from making assertions of wrongdoing."
The IAAF also said that Ashenden and Parisotto "conveniently ignore the fact that more than 60 athletes have been sanctioned on the basis of abnormal blood values collected after 2009, and these athletes accrued 140 notable international medals, three world records, six world marathon majors wins, 13 other big city marathon wins before they were exposed by the IAAF as cheats".
The IAAF said that before the introduction in 2009 of the biological passport to monitor blood values, its testers had "systematically pursued" all results that were deemed "atypical" with immediate urine tests for EPO and then target-tested those athletes in and out of competition.
"We condemn the fact that two experienced scientists were naive enough to place themselves in a situation where their analysis of incomplete data is being used against athletes in the public domain," it said.
Since the introduction of the passport, the IAAF says it has "pursued more cases under the passport system than all other anti-doping organisations together", and is spending $2m a year on combating cheating. "As a percentage of overall annual budget this is the highest of any sport," it added.
There can be various reasons for abnormal blood samples other than performance-enhancing drugs. Illness, altitude training and pregnancy can all influence values.
The Sunday Times reports that eight British athletes - including Mo Farah and Jo Pavey - have published their blood test data "to show they are clean" with results falling within the normal expected range.
"I'm happy to do what it takes to prove I'm a clean athlete," said double Olympic champion Farah. "The decision to release my results is a personal one."
Pavey said: "It's nice to get it [her blood data] out there, as a clean athlete I've got no reason not to."
UK Athletics said it was "counselling caution" to athletes because "full transparency requires release of all of an athlete's testing history rather than incomplete data that has the possibility of being open to misinterpretation."
It added: "Athletes that have chosen to allow their results to be published have in many cases asked for guidance before agreeing to do so, in order to be better informed of any risks involved."
UK Anti-Doping said it has a "robust" Athlete Biological Passport system in place and is "confident" in its procedures.
On Friday a former winner of the London Marathon was stripped of her title for doping.
Russian Liliya Shobukhova, who won in 2010 and was runner-up in 2011, has had her results since 2009 annulled. The Sunday Times claims that she recorded "extreme blood scores" for nine years before the athletics authorities finally took action against her in 2014, and that marathon organisers were not told about the scores.

The 33-year-old was released by Norwich this summer after five years at the club, during which time he made 75 Canaries first-team appearances.
Turner also had spells on loan at Fulham and Sheffield Wednesday during his time at Carrow Road.
In total, the centre-back has made 436 senior career appearances for eight different clubs.
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.

Mr Siddall, 24, from Skellow in Doncaster, was found dead at his home at around 05:20 BST on Friday.
South Yorkshire Police said there were reports he had been assaulted in the VDKA bar in Silver Street, Doncaster, shortly after 23:00 BST on Thursday.
A post-mortem examination concluded that Mr Siddall died as a result of a head injury.
Police said the inquiry was in its very early stages and there were many more witnesses to speak to before they established what happened.
A spokesman said: "We believe there are a number of people who were at the bar in Silver Street, Doncaster, between 23:00 and 23:30 BST on Thursday 13 August who have not yet spoken to us who could potentially help with our inquiry.
"If you have not yet spoken to police, please call 101."

United contacted St Johnstone this week with a view to speaking to 52-year-old Wright about the job but this approach was rejected by the Saints board.
The Tannadice club - bottom of the Premiership - are seeking to replace Jackie McNamara, who left last month.
Dave Bowman took the first team for Saturday's loss to Partick Thistle.
The Tangerines have won only once this season and prop up the table with five points from 10 games.
Former Northern Ireland goalkeeper Wright, who replaced Steve Lomas at McDiarmid Park in 2013, led St Johnstone to Scottish Cup success in his first season in charge.
He has also secured two successive top-six finishes for the Perth side and previously managed in his homeland.

You will see far more properties boarded up with metal shutters - ready for redevelopment that just has not happened.
Crime is the key issue here.
Officially it is falling - the police monthly crime map figures show 100 fewer crimes than a year ago.
But 600 crimes still took place within a mile of Dyke House including 300 anti-social behaviour offences.
Reverend Graeme Buttery, from St Oswald's Clergy House, said: "We had Â£5,500 worth of lead taken from the roof and we've graffiti on the outside wall.
"Before the window guards went on we used to get everything from six inch bolts to stones through the windows - one during a wedding nearly hitting the best man."
Harry Trigg is moving a few miles across town because of the level of crime but reckons he will feel safer away from Dyke House.
However, he is not convinced the new police and crime commissioners (PCC) will cut crime.
He said: "With them cutting the budgets they're cutting the police off their main beat but they're going to bring in a commissioner into a job which will get thousands a year but they're cutting the front line."
Margaret Dryden, 77, said she would stay in the area even though she has been burgled.
"I heard a bang and when I went to the back I found all the glass broken and all my windows and the back door to the lane wide open," she said.
"We don't see many police round our area, they think it's better now but if they don't appear it'll all start again."
As night falls, teenagers appear on the streets - but they too are worried about crime.
Callum, 17, says crime is a constant worry and said he felt unsafe.
He said: "There was fighting in the street and I thought that's something I wouldn't want to happen every day."
Rae-Shaune, 14, said: "We've had a smashed window. The police have been called out about 10 times and there's nowt being done."
"[The PCC should] sort out the teenage abuse, all the druggies, the drug dealers."
Cleveland police say there have been over 2000 less victims of anti-social behaviour this financial year compared to last in the Hartlepool area, with a decrease in overall crime of 9%.
Police Elections - Time To Choose will be on BBC1 Wednesday 7 November at 19:30 BST.

The 23-year-old made himself unavailable for the Bees' game against Burnley in January, which Sean Dyche's side won 3-1, after rumours of a move to Turf Moor.
The former Oldham centre-back, who has signed a three-and-a-half-year deal, had since returned to training.
He is not available for the game against Sheffield Wednesday on Tuesday.
"James is a player I have known for a couple of seasons and I've monitored his progress from Oldham, right the way through to now," boss Dyche told the club website.
"He is at a good age, has gained a lot of experience over the last couple of seasons and I feel he can be a big part of us going forwards in the future."
The Bees have also announced Ryan Williams, Montell Moore and Josh Laurent have left the club by mutual consent.
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.

The 200ft (65m) structure, boasting panoramic views of London, is part of a £260m revamp of the world-famous art museum.
It is being billed as the UK's most important new cultural building since the British Library.
More than half of the solo displays are dedicated to women artists.
At Tuesday's launch event, Frances Morris, Tate Modern's new director, promised a weekend of "discovery and celebration" when the new building opens to the public on Friday.
"As we have been building the new Tate Modern, the curators... have been building the collection," she said. "You will find more international art, more art by women and great new installations."
She added the representation of women artists had "substantially increased".
"There was a huge deficit in our collecting prior to 2000 - when we opened 17% of the art on display was by women.
"Now 50% of the solo rooms are works by women such as Phyllida Barlow and Louise Bourgeois."
The new 10-storey building, known as the Switch House, includes three new gallery levels and a panoramic roof terrace.
It allows 60% more artworks from the Tate collection to go on show.
Tate director Sir Nicholas Serota expressed delight that the building work had been completed during a period of recession.
"Our aim is to be local, global, to have relationships with communities close to us and those across the world," he said.
The project was undertaken by architects Herzog & de Meuron, who transformed the derelict Bankside Power Station into Tate Modern in 2000.
The new Switch House rises almost 65 metres to the south of Tate Modern's huge Turbine Hall.
The windows and the viewing terrace appear as "cuts" in the surface which is clad with 336,000 bricks that mirror the look of the original building.
The tower is built above the former power station's subterranean oil tanks which were converted into performance spaces in time for the 2012 Olympics.
The new Tate Modern is bold, both in its physical form and its curatorial hang.
The original building played a part in transforming the public's opinion of modern art;  the contents of the new building is asking audiences to take an even greater leap of faith.
It's filled with art they've probably never seen from artists they've probably never heard of - and there's hardly a painting to be found.
It's a bold move by the Tate, but, in my view, an entirely appropriate one.
The old story of modern art which is dominated by white western males is being turned on its head with a new narrative that shows how artists of all types from across the globe have contributed and are contributing to the story of modern contemporary art.
Yes, there are a few misses, but they're far outweighed by the hits - and the way the works have been hung together in thematic galleries is both intelligent and illuminating.
Plans for the project were initially approved in 2007 because the gallery space, designed for two million visitors each year, was attracting five million. Building work began in 2010.
Tate chairman Lord Browne described the gallery's £260m revamp as the largest cultural fundraising campaign ever launched in the UK.
"A building that was once London's beating heart is now its cultural cathedral," he said at Tuesday's launch.
Significant donations have come from the government (£50m), the Greater London Authority, Southwark Council and private foundations and individuals.
Sadiq Khan, the new mayor of London, said the new Tate Modern would add to the capital's "huge cultural pull".
The Tate Modern relaunch is accompanied by a complete rehang of the gallery's artworks which will showcase more than 300 artists from about 50 countries.
Works by Mark Rothko, Agnes Martin and Joseph Beuys are joined by new acquisitions by Meschac Gaba, Sheela Gowda and Cildo Meireles.
A huge sculpture of a tree by Chinese artist Ai Weiwei stands in the centre of the Turbine Hall.
Some 3,000 school children from across the UK will be the first members of the public to see the new Tate Modern at a special preview on Thursday.
Later this year Tate will launch Tate Exchange, an "open experiment" occupying an entire floor of the new Switch House building, that will enable 50 invited organisations from the across the UK to display their work.

Media playback is unsupported on your device
2 November 2014 Last updated at 17:20 GMT
Homes and businesses were damaged in the storm, but weather experts were not able to confirm it was a tornado.
Navtej Johal reports.

Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, 48, is seen as an ally of the fossil fuel industry.
He has been a key player in legal challenges against EPA regulations on greenhouse gas emissions.
Democrats and environmentalists in the US have expressed dismay, calling Mr Pruitt a climate change denier.
News of Mr Pruitt's appointment emerged on Wednesday evening. Mr Trump formally confirmed it in a statement on Thursday.
"For too long, the Environmental Protection Agency has spent taxpayer dollars on an out-of-control anti-energy agenda that has destroyed millions of jobs," Mr Trump was quoted as saying.
Mr Pruitt would "reverse this trend and restore the EPA's essential mission of keeping our air and our water clean and safe", he said.
Mr Pruitt has sued the EPA on several occasions, most recently over Mr Obama's Clean Power Plan, which aims to reduce carbon emissions from power plants.
He called the move "an unlawful attempt to expand federal bureaucrats' authority over states' energy economies in order to shutter coal-fired power plants".
And, writing in the National Review in May, Mr Pruitt said of climate change: "That debate is far from settled.
"Scientists continue to disagree about the degree and extent of global warming and its connection to the actions of mankind."
There is consensus among the majority of scientists in the field that carbon emissions from human activities are a key driver of rising temperatures and that the impact of climate change will be severe.
In the statement confirming his appointment, Mr Pruitt said Americans were "tired of seeing billions of dollars drained from our economy due to unnecessary EPA regulations".
He said he would run the EPA in a way that fostered "both responsible protection of the environment and freedom for American businesses".
The nomination of Scott Pruitt has two important ramifications. The first is a clear signal from the incoming Trump administration that environmental regulations, especially as they apply to the production of energy, are set for fundamental reform.
The second implication is that the Trump camp is not willing to accept that many aspects of the science of climate change are now settled.
In his official biography, Mr Pruitt revels in his role as a "leading advocate against the EPA's activist agenda".
Mr Pruitt has engaged in legal fights with the federal government on a number of issues, including Obamacare, but it is in fighting the EPA and President Obama's climate regulations that he has really shone.
As the chief law officer of a major energy-producing state, Mr Pruitt has taken a lead role in the 28-state challenge to the Clean Power Plan.
He has also secured an injunction blocking the EPA's "Waters of the US" rule, which expands the scope of the Clean Water Act.
Read more from Matt: Trump nominee to rekindle climate battle?
Mr Trump, in a speech on energy on the campaign trail in May, castigated the Obama administration's environmental initiatives. He promised to scrap "any regulation that is outdated, unnecessary, bad for workers, or contrary to the national interest".
He also pledged to "cancel" the Paris climate deal, which came into force in November.
The landmark agreement commits governments to moving their economies away from fossil fuels and reducing carbon emissions to try to contain global temperature rise.
But last month, in an apparent softening, he acknowledged in a meeting with the New York Times that there was "some connectivity" between human activity and climate change.
And as news of Mr Pruitt's appointment was emerging on Wednesday, Mr Trump met actor and climate change activist Leonardo DiCaprio.
Terry Tamminen, CEO of the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation, said they presented Mr Trump with a plan on job creation through "clean, renewable energy generation".
The news of Mr Pruitt's selection for EPA head comes as a blow to Democrats and environmentalists.
"Attorney General Pruitt's reluctance to accept the facts or science on climate change couldn't make him any more out of touch with the American people, and with reality,'' said Chuck Schumer, the incoming leader of the Senate Democrats.
"President-elect Trump promised to break the special interests' grip on Washington, but his nomination of Mr Pruitt - who has a troubling history of advocating on behalf of big oil at the expense of public health - only tightens it."
Democrat Senator Bernie Sanders called the move "sad and dangerous".
Meanwhile, Fred Krupp, of the Environmental Defense Fund, called Mr Pruitt "a deeply troubling choice to head the agency that protects the clean air all Americans breathe and the clean water we drink".
But Jim Inhofe, a Republican senator from Oklahoma who called global warming a "hoax", said Mr Pruitt had "fought back against unconstitutional and overzealous environmental regulations... he has proven that being a good steward of the environment does not mean burdening taxpayers and businesses with red tape".

The department's documentaries have included Planet Earth II and Blue Planet - both narrated by Sir David.
The 91-year-old will join the unit's head Julian Hector.
They will discuss some of the most ground-breaking moments throughout its 60 years of programme making.
Sir David said: "I'm delighted to be at the Edinburgh TV Festival to recall the history of what was the first Natural History Unit to be set up in the world and to celebrate some of its milestones."
Mr Hector said: "I grew up with The Living World presented by Peter France on Radio 4 and was studying zoology at university by the time Sir David's Life On Earth was first broadcast in 1979 on BBC 1.
"The NHU has been part of my life ever since, and I look forward to sharing with the TV Festival all of the astonishing work that goes on behind the scenes to make these incredible series."
Sir David has been breaking ground in nature documentaries since the 1970s when one of his first televised expeditions, A Blank On The Map, saw him trek through the central New Guinea highlands to meet a group of tribespeople  never before seen by Europeans.
Most recently, he lent his charismatic voice to the second series of Planet Earth, which won a Bafta earlier this year for best specialist factual programme.
His appearance at the festival will mark a special moment for visiting fans, not least the event's own director Lisa Campbell.
"It's long been an ambition of mine to welcome Sir David to the festival and I have no doubt that this will be a remarkable and historic session," she said.
The Edinburgh International Television Festival runs from August 23-25.

5 August 2015 Last updated at 06:36 BST
She's now 84 and has been telling Newsround the inspiring story of her life before and after that devastating and world-changing event.
This animation contains some sad moments that you might find upsetting.
You can find out more about what happened in Hiroshima here.
Watch 'Hiroshima: A Newsround Special' - Thursday 6 August at 5.30pm on the CBBC channel and on the Newsround website.

But what has been your moment of the year?
From Ben Stokes' 258 off 198 balls against South Africa to Stuart Broad's 6-17 against the same opponents, and Alastair Cook being the first Englishman to reach 10,000 Test runs, there are lots of highlights.
Or perhaps you revelled in Australia being skittled for just 85? Or the dog that invaded the pitch at Vizag?
The cricket brains of BBC Sport and BBC Radio 5 live asked you to rank your top 10, and your shortlist will be revealed on Tuesday's Tuffers and Vaughan Cricket Show (20:30 GMT, BBC Radio 5 live and online).
Votes will no longer count but you can still pick your top 10 and share with friends.
What are your top 10 cricketing moments from this year?

The 3% rise in total income in the year to 31 March included £100.8m from public fundraising, which rose 2.5%, according to Oxfam's annual report.
But there was a 2.5% fall to £22.9m in shop income, which Oxfam blamed on a shortage of high quality donated goods.
Oxfam GB's head Mark Goldring said the scale of disasters during the year had "stretched" the organisation.
The charity said it cut administration and fundraising costs during the period, with 84p in the pound now spent on emergency and development work, up 2p from the previous year.
In its annual report, Oxfam said that it responded to an unprecedented number of emergencies including the outbreak of Ebola in West Africa and ongoing conflicts in Syria and South Sudan.
It supported 8.1 million people across 39 humanitarian disasters over the year, providing clean water, sanitation and food, compared to 6.1 million across 24 emergencies in 2013-14, according to the report.
Mr Goldring said: "Oxfam has been stretched responding to natural disasters, the terrifying Ebola epidemic and people left vulnerable by conflicts.
"The earthquake in Nepal and a surge in fighting in Yemen show that this year could be just as challenging. Increasing food prices, the impact of climate change and ongoing conflicts continue to threaten the lives of poor people the world over."
The fall in income from high street shops was blamed on people donating fewer items. Pressure on household incomes meant that consumers were buying fewer new items and holding onto their existing clothes and household goods longer.

The officer, Anthony Golden, was shot in Omeath, County Louth, on Sunday as he responded to a domestic complaint.
A woman also sustained gunshot wounds in the incident and is in a critical condition.
Garda Commissioner Noirín O'Sullivan said the triple shooting was a "sad and tragic day" for the police force.
The incident began on Sunday evening when a woman called to Omeath Garda station to make a written statement of complaint about a domestic incident.
Afterwards, Garda Golden accompanied the woman and her father to a house in Mullach Alainn, Omeath.
Her father remained outside while the woman and the police officer entered the house.
Shortly afterwards, at about 18:00 local time, gunshots were heard inside the house and the woman's father immediately raised the alarm.
Police and ambulance staff responded to a 999 call and Garda Golden was found in the house with a number of gunshot wounds that proved to be fatal.
The gunman, 24-year-old Adrian Crevan Mackin from the Newry area, also sustained a fatal gunshot wound. Mr Mackin was facing charges of membership of a dissident republican organisation and was out on bail.
The Garda commissioner described it as a "very traumatic incident" and expressed sympathy to the family of the 36-year-old police officer, who was a father of three.
She said Garda Golden was "very highly respected" community police officer who "served that community with dignity, with pride and distinction".
She said he was also a "very proud family man" and that for his widow, Nicola, the "loss is unthinkable".
Ms O'Sullivan paid tribute to the "professionalism" of Garda Golden's colleagues saying they had put aside "their own personal emotions" as they responded to the triple shooting.
"When a colleague is lost in such tragic circumstances, they have to park that emotion, the trauma," Ms O'Sullivan said.
"I'm very conscious of the [Garda] members that visited the scene last night - the assistance that they rendered to their colleague and indeed to Mr Mackin and to the other injured party in the case.
"I'd also like to pay tribute to the National Ambulance Service and indeed the Ambulance Service of Northern Ireland who were there."
A priest who gave the murdered officer the last rites spoke of the "horrific" scene in the house where the shootings took place.
Omeath priest Fr Christy McElwee, originally from Magherafelt, said he was shocked by what he saw.
"The scene that I saw was very horrific. You would need to be a strong person not to be taken back by it or shocked by it," he said.
"Our thoughts and prayers are very much with the Garda that lost his life. We're thinking of him and praying for his family at this time."
It also emerged on Monday that emergency services on both sides of the border were involved in the immediate aftermath of the shootings.
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service sent a rapid response paramedic, followed by two ambulance crews and a doctor.
Garda Commissioner O'Sullivan also revealed that some of the officers who responded to the 999 call were also the first at the scene of a fatal shooting of another County Louth police officer less than three years ago.
Detective Garda Adrian Donohoe was killed during a robbery at Lordship Credit Union in January 2013.
"This is the second member of An Garda Síochána [Irish police] that this community has lost in a very short space of time and that certainly has an impact,"  Ms O'Sullivan said.
"Talking to some people here in the community today, I understand and I can empathise with the numbness, the shock and the sense of loss that they feel."
The Garda Representative Association (GRA), which represents rank and file police officers, said a "darkness has descended" over the entire force.
"He was a brother in the sense that we are all brothers in arms," GRA president Dermot O'Brien said.
"There's a bond and it's a bond to serve and protect as we are guardians of the peace."
Mr O'Brien said the shooting had raised issues regarding manpower, resources and protocols that would have to be addressed with the government.
He said the officer's colleagues needed time to grieve, but the matters would be put to Justice Minister Frances Fitzgerald within days.
Earlier, the minister said that the police officer's death would be "mourned by the entire nation".
"The fact that [he] has laid down his life while protecting the community is a cause of great sadness," she said.
"While no words at this time can be expected to console his wife and children, his family, his colleagues and all who loved him, they know that he gave his life protecting the community he was so proud to serve."
Garda Golden's death brings the number of members of An Garda Síochána [Irish police force] who have lost their lives in the line of duty to 88.

The two men fled the jungle camp in the southern province of Sulu on Wednesday night during the two-hour gun battle.
The army had attacked the camp to free them and other hostages.
Abu Sayyaf, a small but violent group known for carrying out kidnappings for ransom, aims to establish an independent Islamic state in the south.
One of the hostages, Rod Pagaling, told the Associated Press: "When gunfire rang out as close as 15m from us, I thought it was my opportunity to survive so I ran away in the confusion."
Brig Gen Alan Arrojado told AP that Mr Pagaling and the other hostage, Gringo Villaluz, told him the militants "panicked and fled in different directions after seeing that the army had come so close and had begun the assault".
The two men sprinted through the forest and later found help at a nearby village. They only found out about each other's escape when they saw each other at a hospital on Thursday, reported AFP.
Up to 15 Abu Sayyaf militants died, while the military had no casualties.
The men were kidnapped in May in the southern city of Dapitan along with a village official, and later transported to the jungle camp.
The militants beheaded the village official last week and threatened to kill the coast guard men next, after the Philippines government rejected the group's ransom demand.
The Abu Sayyaf is holding a number of hostages in various camps in the south of the Philippines, including Malaysians and a Dutchman.
Militants freed a Swiss hostage in December.

Peter Logan, 45, from Glasgow, committed the rapes over 18 years at addresses in Glasgow and Carnoustie.
The High Court in Glasgow heard that Logan was finally brought to justice after the daughter told her mother that Logan had raped her when she was aged between 15 and 18.
The mother, who cannot be named for legal reasons, confronted Logan and then both women went to the police.
In court, the woman, who is now in her 40s, told prosecutor Shanti McGuire that Logan repeatedly raped her between 1993 and 2010.
She said he would also physically abuse her by slapping her on the face and head, seizing her by the arms and body and dragging her by the hair and threatening to kill her and repeatedly throwing her to the ground.
She told the court he called her names like "Neanderthal" and "monkey".
The woman added: "I told him I was going to phone the police, but he told me nobody would believe me because I was a degenerate."
She told the court how on one occasion Logan grabbed her by the throat and compressed it while lifting her off the ground.
Her daughter was raped by Logan on various occasions between 2010 and 2014 at addresses in Glasgow and Carnoustie.
She said: "I pretended to be asleep. I had no idea what else to do."
He also assaulted her by seizing her by the throat, making indecent remarks to her, slapping her on the face and head and biting her on the body.
The court heard that he told both his rape victims: "It'll be over in a minute."
Logan claimed the women were liars and denied all the charges against him.
Defence counsel Jennifer Bain said: "He is a published author and suffers from agoraphobia which was diagnosed by early 1990s."
Judge Lord Kinclaven warned Logan that he is facing a jail term.
Deferring sentence for background reports, he said: "A custodial sentence is now inevitable and you will be remanded in custody."

The men had no life jackets and ended up in the water after their 16ft (4.8m) boat overturned at speed before sinking off Seaton, coastguards said.
The anglers were rescued near the mouth of the River Axe by a passing boat at about 06:00 BST.
Coastguards said the three men were unharmed.
Portland Coastguard watch officer Roger Hoare said: "These three men are extremely lucky to be alive after making such a basic error as leaving their life jackets at home."

Building society Nationwide, and bank Santander have just launched mortgage products at 95% loan-to-value.
That would require a borrower to come up with a deposit of 5% - about Â£13,850 for a typical home.
Most mortgages of this kind had needed the support of government through the Help the Buy scheme, but now some lenders are going it alone.
This is the first time the Nationwide has offered a 5% deposit mortgage of this kind to all customers since 2008. Borrowers will have to pay 3.99% interest and a fee of Â£999 for a two-year fixed-rate deal.
"Nationwide's move significantly increases the society's lending in the first time buyer market and widens consumer choice," said Henry Jordan, Nationwide's head of mortgages.
Santander pointed to the fact that part of the government's Help to Buy scheme was due to end in 2016, but the lender was "ready to extend our commitment to lending up to 95% loan-to-value without the need for government support".
"There is now a healthy market for customers with smaller deposits," said Miguel Sard, Santander's managing director of mortgages.
Mortgage broker Aaron Strutt, of Trinity Financial, said: "It is great to see more lenders offering straightforward 5% deposit mortgages and specifically targeting first-time buyers.
"We have been waiting a long time for the biggest banks to return to this market."
In a blow to some existing mortgage holders, he said some lenders had raised the interest rates on some of their mortgages.

The Sukhoi SU-24 warplanes, in international waters in the Baltic Sea, had no visible weaponry and the ship took no action.
One official called the events on Monday and Tuesday "one of the most aggressive acts in recent memory".
The commander of the missile destroyer, the USS Donald Cook, described the flights as a "simulated attack".
The passes were "unsafe, potentially provocative" and "could have caused an accident," officials said in a release.
At one point the jets were so close, about 9m (30ft), that they created wakes in the water around the ship.
The actions may have violated a 1970s agreement meant to prevent dangerous incidents at sea, but it is not clear whether the US is going to protest.
A Russian helicopter taking pictures also passed by the ship seven times.
The Donald Cook was conducting deck landing drills with an Allied military helicopter when the jets made their passes, according to a statement from the United States European Command.
Flight operations were suspended until the jets left the area.
The next day, a Russian KA-27 helicopter did circles at low altitude around the ship, followed by more jet passes.
The aircraft did not respond to safety warnings in English or Russian.
These close encounters of a military kind between the US and its allies and Russia  have escalated significantly over the past two years, ever since Russia's annexation of Crimea and the substantial break down of relations between East and West.
They take various forms. They can be violations of national airspace;  narrowly avoided mid-air collisions, close encounters at sea and simulated attack runs.
The incidents have taken place over a wide area - in and around the Baltic states; in the Baltic sea; the Black Sea and even close to Stockholm, when the Swedish authorities believed a Russian submarine had violated its territorial waters in 2014.
They are regarded by defence analysts as a flexing of muscle - a reminder that Russia has military might and cannot be pushed around.
But the frequency of such situations means many fear that a full on confrontation - be-it deliberate or accidental - is just a matter of time between the world's two great military powers.
"We have deep concerns about the unsafe and unprofessional Russian flight manoeuvres," the statement read. "These actions have the potential to unnecessarily escalate tensions between countries, and could result in a miscalculation or accident that could cause serious injury or death."
US officials are reviewing the incident.
A similar incident occurred last June, when Russian warplanes made close passes over a US destroyer in the Black Sea.
Russian media had reported at the time that the USS Ross was acting "aggressively" but the Department of Defense refuted that.

They take on Leinster on Saturday in what is their first pool game following last Sunday's postponement in Toulon following the Paris attacks.
"I'd be lying if I said we didn't think we could win it," Watson told BBC Radio Bristol. "We've got everything we need to be able to do it.
"It's about us showing European rugby what we can do."
Watson, 21, has returned to the Bath set up after being involved in England's doomed World Cup campaign.
The hosts failed to make it out of the pool stages of the competitions and Watson admitted he was still hurting after the tournament.
"It's massively disappointing," he added. "I feel like we let the country down."
"To come so close against Wales and then lose so soundly to Australia was massively disappointing. We've got to collectively learn from it."
And he admitted with a new head coach in place, following the appointment of Eddie Jones, he already had one eye on next year's Six Nations Championship.
"Our only option is to build on it and go forward as a country and hopefully we'll get to do the nation proud at the Six Nations," he said.
"It's massively important for us to right some wrongs and put on some good performances to reward the fans for their continued support."

Last week, NICEM boss Patrick Yu warned of racist attacks on ethnic minority pupils from Fane Street Primary if it merged with other schools in the area.
Almost two thirds of Fane Street PS pupils are from immigrant families.
NICEM has now admitted it was a "poor choice" to draw comparisons to loyalist attacks on Catholic pupils in 2001.
Fourteen years ago, the Holy Cross dispute in north Belfast made headlines around the world as loyalist residents staged protests against Catholic families walking their children to a school in the area.
Some of the protests outside Holy Cross Primary School became violent, and police in riot gear were deployed to protect the schoolgirls as they made their way to and from the school.
Mr Yu's previous comments, linking the 2001 dispute to the Fane Street Primary merger, provoked an angry response from local residents in south Belfast.
NICEM has formally objected to the Education Authority's plan to merge it with Blythefield Primary in Sandy Row and Donegall Road Primary in south Belfast.
Last week, Mr Yu said ethnic minority and Muslim families would be put at "high risk of racist attack and racial harassment" as they made their way to and from the proposed new school.
"We do not want to see another 'Holy Cross' number two to happen in that area," Mr Yu said at the time.
But after meeting community representatives from the Sandy Row, Donegall Road and Village areas on Tuesday, NICEM has issued a "sincere apology to the community for the statement that the merger had the potential of turning into a situation like Holy Cross".
"It was not, and has never been our aim to demonise or label any communities within Northern Ireland," the NICEM statement said.
"We acknowledge that using this comparison was a very poor choice."
South Belfast community worker and Alliance councillor for the area, Paula Bradshaw, welcomed Mr Yu's apology.
She said people in south Belfast recognised "there are issues" as the merger of three schools was "never going to be easy".
However, she said Monday's meeting with NICEM addressed how they could "move forward positively".
NICEM's statement said its complaints about how the education authorities had handled the merger process have not yet been resolved.

Biggar, 26, has established himself as Wales' first choice fly-half and starts in the Six Nations opener in Ireland at the Aviva Stadium on Sunday.
The Ospreys player is well aware of Wales' fly-half heritage.
"A lot more is expected of you. The pressure is difficult because the focus on 10 in Wales is 10 times more than any other position," he told 5 live.
"It's nice when things are going well and it's a pretty difficult position when you lose or don't quite fire on all cylinders.
"When I was younger I would go in on days off and look at kicking and extra patterns but as I've got a little bit older those days are so important to relax and get away from rugby."
Media playback is not supported on this device
Biggar follows in a distinguished line of Welsh fly-halves including the likes of Cliff Morgan, Barry John, Phil Bennett, Jonathan Davies and Neil Jenkins.
Biggar made his senior debut as a 19-year-old against Canada in November 2008 but did not cement his place as Wales' first choice fly-half until six years later.
His performances at the 2015 World Cup, in which Wales reached the quarter-finals, enhanced his growing reputation.
During the tournament Biggar's kicking routine became an internet sensation that gathered a cult following during the tournament.
While Biggar's pre-kick routine differs from Jonny Wilkinson's trademark cupped hands, bottom out stance and stare, the Welshman revealed he learned a lot from the former England fly-half, who's late drop-goal helped England beat Australia in the final of the 2003 World Cup.
"He started that obsessive routine of kicking and hours spent on the training field," Biggar added.
"Every boy wanted to be him and every boy wanted to stay out last and come in last.
"There's definitely a side of that in me but I'm also a little more laid back than what Jonny was in terms of being able to switch off a little bit.
"As much as I'm a believer of you have to put the all the work in, you have to take a step back as well."

Perhaps it brings back happier memories for those who have previously stood for election before being ennobled.
Welsh Liberal Democrat Lady Humphreys used question time today to raise an issue on many a voter's minds: when will the new ballot papers naming the top four candidates on Welsh assembly regional lists be revealed? (A Liberal Democrat amendment to the Wales Act 2014 will mean voters discover the names of some of those seeking election, even if they can only vote for a party in that part of the election).
Government whip Viscount Younger of Leckie told her the details of how this would be achieved would be laid before parliament later this autumn.
Her question sparked a mini-debate on Welsh legislation past, present and future. Another Lib Dem, Lord Thomas of Gresford, asked for the requirement to hold a referendum before the Welsh government can vary income tax rates to be dropped.
Lord Thomas said it was being used as an excuse for a delay in seeking the powers: "Will the government use the forthcoming Welsh bill to remove this block and make the Welsh government accountable for its gross failure in maintaining standards in health and education in Wales?"
Viscount Younger rejected the request: "The Wales Act and the St David's Day agreement empower the Welsh government with the tools and levers it needs to grow the Welsh economy so we believe that the referendum is right as part and parcel of giving the Welsh people more say in terms of their powers."
Former Plaid Cymru leader Lord Elis-Thomas, AM for Dwyfor Meirionnydd, asked if the government's policy was to seek the consent of a majority assembly members for any future Wales bill.
Viscount Younger said it told peers the next Wales bill - due to be published in draft version next week - "will appear here before too long...there are no dates".

Work, which will see the track double between Rossett and Saltney junction, was meant to be finished by 2015.
North Wales AM Mark Isherwood said he was pleased, but found it "disappointing it has taken so long."
Network Rail said it had been working with train operators and local authorities to get the track access required for the project.
In November 2015, the company blamed "setbacks" for further delays which pushed the completion date for work back to 2016.
Mr Isherwood said: "The delays have been incredibly frustrating for passengers who travel between Wrexham and Chester. I will be keeping a close eye on progress, ensuring that my constituents aren't further let down."
The scheme will see 5.5 miles (8.9km) of track doubled, enabling more train services to operate every hour.
Level crossings at Green Lane, Balderton, Pulford and Broad Oak are also being upgraded.
A Network Rail spokesman said: "We will continue to update passengers, the local community and elected representatives of our progress as we work with our industry partners to reduce journey times and enable more trains to run between north and south Wales, as well as delivering significant safety improvements to four level crossings between Wrexham and Chester."

Media playback is not supported on this device
With star striker Cristiano Ronaldo missing because of a thigh injury, a cautious Real side offered little goal threat until the closing stages.
But in the last 20 minutes, Jese headed against the bar for the Spanish side before Hart brilliantly denied Casemiro and Pepe from corners.
Hart showed great reactions to keep out Casemiro's header with his foot but his block to deny Pepe, who was unmarked and five yards from goal, is the standout reason City will travel to Spain next week with a precious clean sheet.
The closest City came to a goal of their own was when Keylor Navas tipped over Kevin de Bruyne's dipping free-kick in stoppage time.
Relive a tense first leg at Etihad Stadium
Football Daily podcast: 'A professional European display by Manchester City'
That was Navas' only save of a game that was billed as a shootout between two attacking sides but was, in fact, a game largely devoid of goalmouth action.
City will take the positives from denying Real an away goal but England's last remaining representatives in Europe's elite competition still face a huge task if they are to reach the final, in Milan on 28 May.
Their failure to score at home means former Real boss Manuel Pellegrini does not have a lead to take back to the Bernabeu, where Zinedine Zidane's side have not conceded a goal in the Champions League all season.
The news Ronaldo's thigh muscle was deemed too tight for him to play was clearly a massive boost for City before their first Champions League semi-final.
Without their 47-goal top scorer, a Real side that had scored 133 goals in their previous 46 games this season seemed reluctant to commit men forward and struggled to create chances.
Gareth Bale, playing his first game in England since his £85m move to Real from Spurs in 2013, was unable to provide the spark in Ronaldo's absence.
Bale did get the better of Gael Clichy early on down the right but failed to find a team-mate with his crosses and his finishing was also below his usual standards.
The Wales winger cut in to send one curling shot bouncing wide in the second half but disappointed with a free-kick from the edge of the box which he fired against the City wall.
Both of Real's late chances came from set-pieces and they struggled to open up City.
The home side were not helped by David Silva being forced off by injury before half-time and were short of their customary zip in the final third.
Sergio Aguero was starved of service and only managed one shot at goal, which came when he fired over from the edge of the box at the start of the second half.
The former Atletico Madrid striker has now played Real 13 times in his career and has still never beaten them, but will get another chance on Wednesday, 4 May.
In truth, City's whole attack will have to do better in the second leg.
De Bruyne, who started in the number 10 role but ended up on the left after Silva's injury, was also short of inspiration, Jesus Navas made few inroads down the right and Kelechi Iheanacho's pace had little impact.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini:
"We played a very intense game and defended well. We tried to create until David Silva got injured then we lost the ball too much. If you cannot win then a 0-0 draw is good.
"We knew they were going to play a slow game and that is why we pressed as a team. When we had the ball, we could not make the difference. We could not score."
Media playback is not supported on this device
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany:
"It is too close to call at the moment - 0-0 is a very dangerous scoreline.
"From the moment we manage to score in Madrid, it will be very different.
"It is hard to keep a clean sheet against such an attacking team. We can be proud of what we have achieved in this first leg."
The first leg of the other semi-final, between Atletico Madrid and Bayern Munich, takes place in Spain on Wednesday.
Before their trip to Madrid, City travel to Southampton on Sunday in a 16:30 BST kick-off. With three league games remaining, Pellegrini's side are still in need of Premier League points to secure a top-four finish that will make sure of Champions League football next season too.
Real, third in La Liga and a point behind leaders Barcelona, are already certain of their Champions League place but are still in the title race. They also have an away game this weekend - against Real Sociedad at 15:00 BST on Saturday.
Match ends, Manchester City 0, Real Madrid 0.
Second Half ends, Manchester City 0, Real Madrid 0.
Corner,  Manchester City. Conceded by Keylor Navas.
Attempt saved. Kevin De Bruyne (Manchester City) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the left is saved in the top centre of the goal.
Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).
Kevin De Bruyne (Manchester City) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Isco (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Fernandinho (Manchester City).
Substitution, Real Madrid. Isco replaces Toni Kroos.
Foul by Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid).
Gaël Clichy (Manchester City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Pepe (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Fernando (Manchester City).
Attempt blocked. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Attempt saved. Pepe (Real Madrid) left footed shot from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Gareth Bale.
Attempt missed. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Toni Kroos with a cross following a corner.
Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Vincent Kompany.
Attempt blocked. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Marcelo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Fernando (Manchester City).
Attempt saved. Casemiro (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Toni Kroos with a cross.
Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Bacary Sagna.
Substitution, Manchester City. Raheem Sterling replaces Jesús Navas.
Attempt missed. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Toni Kroos.
Attempt missed. Luka Modric (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Gareth Bale.
Jesé (Real Madrid) hits the bar with a header from the centre of the box. Assisted by Daniel Carvajal with a cross.
Corner,  Manchester City. Conceded by Gareth Bale.
Foul by Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid).
Kevin De Bruyne (Manchester City) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt missed. Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.
Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Jesús Navas (Manchester City).
Foul by Pepe (Real Madrid).
Sergio Agüero (Manchester City) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Marcelo (Real Madrid).
Jesús Navas (Manchester City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. Marcelo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Casemiro.
Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Sergio Agüero (Manchester City).

It was claimed in the (Irish parliament) Dáil  last week that a Northern Ireland politician stood to benefit.
The issue was raised again in Leaders' Question time in the Dáil on Tuesday.
The leader of the main opposition party, Fianna Fáil, said the allegations around the sale were of "enormous concern".
Micheál Martin added that a Commission of Investigation was "urgently required".
In the Republic of Ireland, a Commission of Investigation can be set up by government to investigate matters of significant public concern.
They seek the voluntary co-operation of those they want to question, but if necessary, commissions have the power to compel witnesses to testify.
Speaking in the Dáil , Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams also called for a Commission of Investigation and said his party had "little confidence the government is protecting the public interest".
But the Enterprise Minister Richard Bruton, answering for the government, said he did not accept there was a need for such a commission.
He said that Nama had discharged its business in "a very thorough way" and that the Comptroller and Auditor General would have been across the decision.
Mr Bruton said that the issues Mr Martin raised about the decision taken by the NAMA board on whether loans should be sold individually or a bundle were "a legitimate matter" for questioning at the Dáil Public Accounts Committee (PAC).
Nama representatives are due to appear before the PAC on Thursday.
The National Asset Management Agency (Nama) is the Republic of Ireland's "bad bank".
It was set up to deal with toxic property loans on the books of bailed-out banks, following the 2008 property crash.
Last year, Nama sold its entire 850-property loan portfolio in Northern Ireland to the New York investment firm Cerberus for more than £1bn.
The deal was the largest ever property transaction in Northern Ireland.

The collection includes three Military Cross awards, believed to be one of only 25 examples such gallantry was recognised in one person.
They belonged to Sir Peter Hilton, who fought at Dunkirk, El Alamein and D-Day, then became Lord Lieutenant of Derbyshire and a veterans' campaigner.
The buyer made a "substantial" direct offer to the owners, auctioneers said.
Live updates and more from Derbyshire
Valued at up to Â£10,000, the collection also featured a journal Sir Peter wrote to his wife Winifred when he was sent abroad shortly after they married.
Sir Peter was part of the British Expeditionary Force that had to be evacuated from the beaches of Dunkirk in 1940.
After marrying he was sent to the Middle East, where he was involved in the battle of El Alamein in 1942 and won the Military Cross and bar, as well as needing hospital treatment after being wounded.
His third award of the Military Cross came with the D-Day landings of June 1944.
In charge of a raft bringing vital tanks to the invasion beaches, he struggled against heavy gunfire and a failed engine.
He managed to flag down a landing craft to get a tow, only to discover it was commanded by his brother. He later was caught in a landmine explosion, in which he suffered a fractured skull and lost an eye.
Sir Peter stayed in the army for some years after the war but also served as Lord Lieutenant of Derbyshire from 1978 to 1994 and was president of the Normandy Veterans' Association.
He was knighted in 1993 and died in 1995.
Adrian Stevenson, militaria specialist at auction house Hansons, said: "Before the auction a buyer came forward and made a substantial offer to the owners.
"We are assured the medals will stay in Derbyshire and it is hoped to have them on public display."
Lady Winifred served in the Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF) and was also involved with charities and voluntary organisations.  Seven of the medals in the 19 strong collection came from her.
She died in 2010.
The Military Cross is the third highest award for bravery against the enemy, after the Victoria Cross and Distinguished Service Cross.

But students from Queen's University in Belfast have taken inspiration from J.K Rowling's literary series by setting up a novel sports society.
They play Quidditch - a magical sport played on flying broomsticks in the book and film series.
It was first adapted for muggles (or non-wizards) in 2005 by students at a university in Vermont, but has exploded in popularity over the last five years.
Thousands now play it across the world, with official rule books and international championships.
Queen's University's team was founded in September by Conor Ardill, a politics student.
He first tried the sport during his time as an undergraduate at the University of Manchester but, surprisingly, he isn't much of a Harry Potter fan.
"I actually first started playing because I lost a bet with somebody who was on the team, and resisted turning up for a year," he said.
"Lots of people who play really love Harry Potter, but I just really enjoy the sport."
The sport itself is best described as a hybrid of rugby and dodgeball.
It can appear chaotic to the casual observer but is governed by simple rules.
Aside from the obvious lack of flying, it remains quite true to the fictitious game - players even run with broomsticks between their legs.
It is a full-contact sport with seven players on each team - a keeper, three chasers (who score through the hoops to win 10 points), two beaters (who aim to hit opposite chasers with 'bludger' balls), and the seeker (responsible for chasing the 'golden snitch').
In the books the 'snitch' is described as a gold sphere with wings. But in the muggle version it is a runner dressed in yellow with a velcro tail attached to their shorts.
They enter the game in the 18th minute and try to evade capture. If a seeker grabs their tail they win 30 bonus points for their team.
Confused? Well its the quirkiness of the sport which is the appeal for many of the competitors.
Muggle Quidditch has taken off across the UK and about 50 universities now have a team.
There is even a national premier league as the sport establishes itself in its own right.
Queen's University Belfast Quidditch Club (QUBQC) are now ready to head to Manchester with members of the Dublin Draiochta Dragons (DDD) for their first tournament at the weekend.
Players will be trying out for the all-Ireland team in April, hoping to represent them at the International Quidditch Association's European Games in Oslo in July.
Club President Conor said Quidditch is designed to be accessible to all.
"With university sports such as GAA or rugby, if you haven't played at school level it's really hard to get involved," he said.
"It's a mixed gender sport with strict rules so every team has a combination of players from all different backgrounds.
"This evens the odds up, so you can't have six foot ex-rugby players playing against five foot newcomers."
The nature of the sport means substitutions are continual and players rotate, so players at all fitness levels can get involved.
Literature student Rachel Ireland had never considered playing university sports before:  "I hate going to the gym or running for the sake of it.
"It's great to be able to play a team sport that is just as much fun as it is a serious competition. It has everything in one.
"I only turned up at first to be polite, but got hooked on the sport in week one.  I was a wreck after the first session but it was such a buzz."
The physical nature of the game means players can expect to leave the pitch with bruises from tackles.
But they insist it worth it for the friends they make for across the quidditch community.
Physics student Aaron Morrison said: "It's not just the game -  a huge part of it is about meeting other teams and players.
"Everybody involved in it is as quirky as the sport itself. We haven't found a person yet who hasn't turned up and found something they loved and enjoyed."

Under the powers, the Bank would be able to limit how much people can borrow to buy a home, according to their financial circumstances.
The Bank has also given a clean bill of health to the government's Help to Buy mortgage scheme.
Its Financial Policy Committee (FPC) can already make recommendations about loan amounts.
Earlier this summer the FPC recommended that banks and building societies restrict lending of large loans - by which it meant loans greater than 4.5 times income - to 15% of mortgages.
In June, George Osborne promised that the Bank's powers to "recommend" would be beefed up to powers to "direct", in order to prevent a dangerous bubble developing.
The FPC also noted that high loan-to-value lending now accounts for just 9% of mortgages - compared to 25% in 2007, during the boom - suggesting that riskier lending has not got out of hand.
But the Bank said it wanted its new powers to cover both residential and buy-to-let mortgages.
On buy-to-let, it wants to make sure that the income that landlords receive is greater than the interest payments on their mortgages.
Placing such controls on professional investors might help cool the housing market, by preventing landlords speculating on hefty rises in house prices.
The stronger powers are expected to be in place before June next year.
Last year, the Bank of England was asked to report back on whether the government's Help to Buy mortgage scheme posed a risk to the economy.
The Bank's governor, Mark Carney, has now written to the chancellor stating: "Under current market conditions, the committee assesses that the scheme does not pose material risks to financial stability."
The Bank also confirmed that Help to Buy was not to blame for rising house prices.
It said both parts of the scheme accounted for only 5% of total mortgages, and they had been most popular in parts of the country where prices had risen least.
"The scheme does not appear to have been a material driver of growth - for example, take-up of the scheme has been weak in London, where house price growth has been strongest," the FPC said.
It also said house prices appeared to be cooling sooner than the FPC had expected when it met in June.
Earlier this week, the Nationwide said annual house price inflation had fallen to 9.4% in September from 11% the month before.
Help to Buy loans are already restricted to 4.5 times a borrower's income.

Those with defined benefit pensions worth more than Â£30,000 are required to have a professional consultation before transferring their money out.
But firms say clients are asking for confirmation they have had a consultation when none has taken place.
Advisers say they are refusing such requests.
The new Pension Freedom changes, which were introduced two months ago, were designed to allow people much greater flexibility.
But they came with some safeguards, particularly for people in final salary schemes who are guaranteed a certain income on retirement, regardless of how their pension fund investments have fared.
Radio 4's Money Box programme believes hundreds of people in these schemes have been contacting financial advisers desperate to get their forms rubber stamped so they can transfer the money into another scheme that will allow them access to some of their cash.
Ed Fairey, managing director of the independent financial advice firm, Fairey Associates, says from the moment the pension freedom changes were announced, his industry knew what to expect.
"It's human nature, isn't it?" he told the BBC. "I might be dead tomorrow, I want my jam today. They don't want to pay anything. They want us to rubber stamp the transaction to say advice has been given."
Mr Fairey says his firm has received numerous requests to rubber stamp final salary transfers without a proper consultation.
His firm has refused them all, and this has left people frustrated.
Another firm Money Box contacted said it had received more than 20 requests to provide evidence of a consultation which had never taken place.
Pension fund trustees would need more evidence than a signed letter from an adviser to release funds.
And they have told Money Box they are confident they would be able to identify clients who claimed they had had advice when they had not.
Chris Hannant, director general of the Association of Professional Financial Advisers, says his firm has been contacted by some potential clients who have already tried and failed to persuade five different firms to get their requests rubber stamped.
And he said people should think hard before trying to transfer out.
"For most people, sticking with a defined benefit scheme is actually a good thing. It's a guaranteed income until you die," he said.
Mr Fairey is concerned that if people try enough financial advice firms, they might find one that is prepared to help them get their funds released without a proper consultation.
"Consumer are used to shopping around," he said. "They'll hit multiple advisory firms; they'll learn what they need to say to get the transaction done. Or they'll find a business which is unscrupulous enough to allow them to self harm."
Mr Hannant has warned advisers they should never be tempted to sign off "advice" that has never been given.
"They have to make recommendations they believe are suitable for the client," he said. "They should never be rubber stamping any proposed course of action."
A Department for Work and Pensions spokesman said: "Trustees have a legal duty to act in the best interests of the scheme and their members. As part of this, they will need to ensure that they do their due diligence when confirming that a member has taken advice, and that certificates provided by the member are genuine."
Money Box is broadcast on Saturdays at 12:00 BST on BBC Radio 4 and repeated on Sundays at 21:00 BST. You can listen again via the BBC iPlayer or by downloading Money Box podcast.

UC, which combines six benefits into one monthly payment, was intended to be more generous than the current system but the IFS said cuts to the programme meant this would not be the case.
But it said UC would encourage people into work and save £2.7bn a year.
Ministers said the IFS had ignored other benefits such as extra childcare.
Universal Credit's single payment replaces six current benefits, including Jobseeker's Allowance (JSA) and Employment and Support Allowance (ESA).
The new payments system still only affects a minority of claimants, but it is gradually being rolled out across the country.
The government has always said that Universal Credit (UC) would encourage more people to find work.
The IFS said that was true for most people, but not all.
It said that single parents, for example, have less of an incentive to work under UC than under the old system.
Where couples are concerned, UC encourages just one of them to find employment, rather than both, the IFS claimed.
Single parents claiming UC will keep 8% less of their earnings than previously, its figures suggest.
According to the IFS research, an estimated 2.1m families will face an average loss of £1,600 a year, while 1.8m will gain an average of £1,500.
Its figures suggest 1.1m homes with no-one in paid work will lose out by about £2,300 a year, while 500,000 are expected to gain of £1,000. Working single parents are said to face an annual loss of £1,000.
Robert Joyce, the author of the IFS report, added: "The potential gains from simplifying the working-age benefit system remain mostly intact: Universal Credit should make the system easier to understand, ease transitions into and out of work, and largely get rid of the most extreme disincentives to work or to earn more created by the current system."
Although Chancellor George Osborne abandoned cuts to tax credits in the Autumn, cuts to UC announced last summer will still go ahead.
From this April the amount that anyone on UC can earn before their benefits are cut will be reduced.
This so-called Work Allowance will be £4,764 for those not claiming for housing costs, or £2,304 for those who do.
Once claimants earn above that amount, they lose 65p for every pound they are paid.
From April 2017, parents making new UC claims will only be able to take their first two children into account, while the first child premium will be abolished.
Separately, a committee of MPs has also complained that UC is getting further and further behind schedule.
The Public Accounts Committee report accused the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) of being "evasive" when asked about the delays.
But the DWP said that the programme was being rolled out "safely and securely" and would be completed by March 2021.
The overhaul of the welfare system has been driven by Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith, who argued that too many people were trapped on benefits.
But shadow work and pensions secretary Owen Smith said Mr Duncan Smith's claims were "in tatters".
He said "everyone can now see that successive cuts to Universal Credit have destroyed many of the work incentives that were supposed to be the very reason for the scheme, hitting single parents particularly hard".
The government has always said that no individuals will lose money as a result of the changes. New claimants for UC will also be helped by transitional support.
And a spokesman for the Department for Work and Pensions said: "Universal Credit will make work pay and increase financial incentives for people to work more, while also bringing the welfare bill under control."
He added: "Universal Credit also includes a wide range of additional benefits - including increased childcare and more support from a dedicated work coach both things that were ignored in the IFS's analysis."

The local authority spent Â£2m on fuel for its fleet between April and December last year, its audit and scrutiny committee has heard.
Reducing the chances of workers making personal use of vehicles is seen as a way of helping to cut the fuel bill.
Councillor Richard Laird said only "a small minority" of staff were involved.
However, Mr Laird, who is the audit committee's chairman, welcomed the council's decision to install tracking devices on all its vehicles.
He told BBC Alba: "There is anecdotal evidence that a handful, or a small minority, of council staff are maybe using their council vehicle for domestic purposes.
"At the moment it is only the heavy fleet that gets tracked and the bulk of the council's fleet is a light fleet."
Tracking is now to be rolled out across the light fleet so that movements of all the council's vehicles can be checked.

The FA studied footage from the 2-2 draw with Swansea on 8 August after a member of the public made a complaint.
Carneiro and head physio Jon Fearn were criticised by Mourinho for treating Eden Hazard with the side a man down.
The 42-year-old had her role downgraded before deciding to leave the club.
She is now considering her legal position.
The FA said it asked an independent academic expert in Portuguese linguistics to analyse the footage of the incident, in which Mourinho is seen making a verbal gesture.
"Both the words used, as translated and analysed by the independent expert, and the video evidence, do not support the conclusion that the words were directed at any person in particular," it added in a statement.
Carneiro and Fearn went on to the pitch to treat midfielder Hazard in the closing stages of the draw with Swansea on the league season's opening weekend.
It meant Hazard had to leave the field before rejoining play, leaving the Blues temporarily reduced to nine men following goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois' earlier red card, and Mourinho said the duo had been "impulsive and naive".
Carneiro lost her place on the bench and was no longer allowed to attend matches or training sessions.
Two days after the incident, she posted a message on Facebook thanking the public for their "overwhelming support".
Mourinho stood by his decision to remove her from her role, adding he had a "good relationship" with his medical staff.
Heather Rabbatts, the FA's only female board member, was vocal in her support of Carneiro, who she said had acted "properly".
"Her departure raises a serious question on how players are safeguarded if their medical support is compromised," she said.
The Women in Football group said Carneiro was highly respected and it was "bitterly disappointed" about her departure.
"We believe it is appalling that her professionalism and understanding of football were subsequently called into question by manager Jose Mourinho and it threatened to undermine her professional reputation," said a spokesperson.
"We also believe that Dr Carneiro's treatment and ultimate departure from Chelsea FC sends out a worrying and alienating message to the already small numbers of female medical staff working in the national game."
Meanwhile, the Football Medical Association said it was "disappointed" after its efforts to negotiate a return to Chelsea for the ex-club doctor failed.
Chelsea have said they do not comment on internal staffing matters.

David Cameron has said the vote will take place on Thursday 23 June.
Nicola Sturgeon said she believed the timing of the referendum was wrong but said it was now time to get on with a "strong and positive" campaign.
David Coburn, leader of UKIP in Scotland, said the country would be better off out of the EU.
Kezia Dugdale said Labour was "Scotland's internationalist party" and Ruth Davidson of the Conservatives said there should now be "honest debate".
Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said the EU was one of the "best creations that this country has built".
The prime minister made his announcement on the date for the referendum in Downing Street after briefing his cabinet.
It came after he said late on Friday night that he had secured a deal with EU leaders which would give the UK "special status".
Scotland's first minister said she believed Mr Cameron had been negotiating on "very narrow grounds" and it was now time to hear the "big picture, positive case" for remaining in the EU.
However, Ms Sturgeon said she was concerned about the clash between the June referendum date and the Holyrood elections which will be held on Thursday 5 May.
She said: "I still think it is the wrong date, not just because of the overlap with the Scottish Parliament elections but also because I think we do need time to have that big, positive debate that I have been talking about.
"But that, in a sense, has passed. The date has been named so it's time to get on with it."
Scottish Labour leader Ms Dugdale said that, now the package of reforms had been agreed and a date set, "those of us who back staying in the EU must get on and make the positive case for that".
She added: "Labour is Scotland's internationalist party. We believe working in solidarity with other nations makes us stronger. We will be enthusiastic leaders of this campaign."
Ms Davidson, the Scottish Conservative leader, said: "Whether you are a natural supporter of the EU or prefer Britain to leave, if you are under 58, you've never been offered the chance to give your opinion at the ballot box.
"It's right to have this referendum so everyone's voice is heard."
She added: "For my own part, I believe that - on balance - Scotland's businesses do better from being part of the biggest free trade bloc in the world, and I hope the country chooses to remain."
For the Liberal Democrats, leader Mr Rennie said: "With open markets, partnership between universities and free movement of people it is in our interest to remain a key part of the European Union.
"Our ancestors who experienced a continent of conflict for centuries will be looking on with incredulity that we are even considering leaving the organisation that has helped create a continent of peace."
Speaking on the BBC News Channel, UKIP's Scottish leader Mr Coburn said: "I would like to see powers brought back to Edinburgh.
"If we get out of the European Union, powers will be repatriated to Scotland on fishing, on agriculture, on many other things.
"If we get a Brexit I can be very confident in saying Scotland will get a lot more powers returned here."
Ross Greer, Scottish Green Party spokesman on Europe, said the need to put forward a vision on a European Union "based on solidarity and the common good" was "more urgent than ever".
As the date for the referendum was announced, campaigning was already getting under way in Scotland.
Scotland Stronger In Europe - the Scottish arm of Britain Stronger In Europe - erected a street stall in Glasgow's Sauchiehall Street on Saturday morning.
Campaign spokesman John Edward said: "Scottish votes could be crucial in keeping the UK in Europe, so it is important that Scotland comes together and chooses a future in Europe.
"There is strong support in Scotland to stay in the EU, and we want to motivate people with positive campaigning to turn out and vote for 'Remain' on June 23."
In Edinburgh, Nigel Griffiths of the Labour Leave campaign was handing out leaflets.
He said: "Every day Â£50m is going from the Treasury to Brussels. Only half of that comes back, in fact less, and we don't get a say in how that's spent - Brussels dictates that to us - and it's time to reclaim that.
"Here in Scotland we need a Scottish government to stand up against Brussels and fight for our steel workers and steel indusrty, our farming industry and our fishing industry, and sadly they are not doing that."

She and her family were told they were going to be resettled. The journey took six days and some in the truck died on the way.
"There was some straw on the floor," she told me. "It was dark, it was cold, it was so hostile. And hardly any space for sitting down. There was a lot of crying, lots of children. And we were trapped. Doors were shut, we knew this was not going to be any resettlement but we had no imagination of course of what was to come."
The doors opened at Auschwitz.
There, on the railway platform, Nazi officers separated those chosen to live and work from those sent immediately to die.
Susan lied about her age. A prisoner on the platform whispered to her that she should say she was 15. It saved her life, but her mother was sent immediately to the gas chamber.
"There were no hugs, no kisses, no embrace. My mum was just pushed away with the other women and children. The dehumanisation began immediately. I didn't cry, it was as though I'd lost all my emotions."
Soviet forces entered Auschwitz on 27 January, 1945.
The Nazis had abandoned the camp days earlier, leaving much of it intact. More than a million people, mostly Jews - but Poles, Roma and political prisoners as well - had been murdered there.
Those railway lines - which can be still seen at Auschwitz today - extended to almost every corner of Europe.
The Holocaust was not a solely German enterprise. It required the active collaboration of Norwegian civil servants, French police, Polish train drivers and Ukrainian paramilitaries. Every occupied country in Europe had its enthusiastic participants.
MPs mark Holocaust Memorial Day
Holocaust Memorial Day: What can we learn?
Antiques Roadshow sheds new light on ring belonging to Jane Haining
iWonder: Why did ordinary people commit atrocities in the Holocaust?
After 1945, a great silence fell across the continent.
The Jews who survived found that the world beyond the perimeter wire of the camps did not much want to know their story.
It was only in the 1960s that popular consciousness began to catch up with the crime perpetrated against an entire people.
Holocaust denial persists. The internet is full of claims that the destruction of the Jews never happened.
"Sometimes they want to call themselves revisionist historians," says Pawel Sawicki, who works at the Auschwitz site, which now attracts two million visitors a year. "But they are not. They hate others. This is anti-Semitism."
At the Nuremberg trials after the war, leading Nazis were held accountable for the state-sponsored crimes that had been committed in Germany and German-occupied territories. For the first time, two new terms entered the grim lexicon of wartime atrocity - crimes against humanity and genocide.
This is the Nazis' judicial legacy - that from 1945, sovereign states no longer had legal carte blanche to treat their own citizens as they pleased.
"That's the amazing, revolutionary, remarkable change that happened in 1945," says Philippe Sands, an international human rights lawyer who has worked extensively on war crimes prosecutions.
"Before 1945, if a state wished to kill half its population, or torture or maim or disappear, there was no rule of international law that said you couldn't do that. The change that occurred in 1945 - as we know very sadly - has not prevented horrors from taking place.
"But it does mean that when horrors occur, there is now at least an objective standard that says to governments, to individual states, that as a matter of international law: 'you cannot do what you are doing'."
Near the blockhouses where Auschwitz prisoners were housed, there is a large open trench about the size and shape of a swimming pool.
During the war it was filled with water. Why? It was required by the camp's fire insurance policy.
There is something grotesquely chilling about this - that a camp whose purpose was mass extermination would, at the same time, concern itself with sensible precaution and compliance with insurance law. And the company that insured the camp is still trading. There is a warning in this to posterity - to us, here today.
As the UK marks Holocaust Memorial Day, Mrs Pollack issues a stark warning about the importance of learning the lessons from history.
"We're not talking about barbarians," says Mrs Pollack. "We're not talking about primitive society.
"The Germans were well-advanced, educated, progressive. Maybe civilization is just veneer-thin. We all need to be very careful about any hate-propaganda.
"This is very important. It starts as a small stream, but then it has the potential to erupt  - and when it does, it's too late to stop it."

The poet is described as "shy and retiring" in a previously unseen memoir written by the Thomas family's GP.
Prof John Goodby, of Swansea University, who discovered the documents, said they confirmed the poet's life in Wales "wasn't sensational".
"He was fairly modest, he was sober," said Prof Goodby.
The memoir belonged to Dr David Mendelssohn Hughes, Thomas' doctor in Laugharne, Carmarthenshire.
"He was respectful of the doctor and other authority figures and there was absolutely no womanising while he was living in Laugharne," said Prof Goodby.
"He had regular routines of visiting his mother and father every morning, doing the shopping, going to Brown's Hotel for a couple of pints and returning to the Boathouse to work for four hours or so."
While the memoir praises Thomas' character, it pours scorn on the behaviour of his wife, Caitlin, who is labelled a "first-class bitch".
Meanwhile, a letter written by Thomas to the landlord of a pub in Laugharne has also appeared for the first time.
Dated 8 November 1950, Thomas asks after the welfare of a pig he and the landlord were hoping to fatten up for Christmas. He writes that he is hoping for "a beautiful piggy Christmas" ahead of a trip to Persia in the new year.
The Doctor on Dylan Thomas
"The whole of the time that Dylan lives in Laugharne there has never been a breath of scandal involving Dylan with other women! With admiration of local females, married and unmarried, there surely existed opportunity for unfaithfulness but Dylan can be absolved absolutely from this.
"His capacity for drink was very limited compared with the average 'hearty'. He couldn't drink very much - three or four pints was his absolute limit - his daily limit was two pints in Brown's and on weekends with Phil in the Cross House. He never drank spirits, but in that last trip to America - described in that tragic book by John Brinnin - he undoubtedly posed as a hard drinking genius who could absorb whiskey and this cost him his life."
On Caitlin Thomas
"(Caitlin) is a nymphomaniac and a first-class bitch! What Dylan had to endure through her physical attraction and sexual prowess nobody knows - and I will not countenance any criticism of Dylan's shortcomings and beery excesses when they occurred without taking into account what he must have endured from Caitlin.
"On Xmas Eve after his death when his mother came to stay at the boat house for Xmas, she came home tight from the Browns with one of her local boyfriends - put on the gramophone and did a striptease in front of the children and Dylan's mother.
"I wonder did Dylan towards the end find life so heartbreaking that he deliberately went on drinking American whisky so as not to return??"
On Thomas' mother
"When his coffin came home from America and rested in his mother's house, no mother was prouder. I was glad that she lived to see him honoured by that magnificent performance of Under Milk Wood in Laugharne... But when the curtain dropped on that last performance on the Saturday night Dylan's mother died - just at that moment... She died rejoicing."
Caerphilly-born Dr Hughes - who died in London in 1981 - was based in St Clears and had met the Thomas family in 1938. He was Dylan's doctor until his death in 1953. He was also a keen oil painter and friends with Richard Burton.
He wrote the 26-page memoir at the request of the son of a family friend in the 1960s - a student at Cambridge.
It resurfaced after former Archbishop of Canterbury Dr Rowan Williams, whose love of Thomas' work started in school in Swansea, was told about it at a college reunion last year.
Prof Goodby said the memoir portrayed Thomas as "the victim" in his relationship with his wife.
"It says more negative things about Caitlin, who he sees as a disruptive force. He calls her 'fast' at one point - rather an old-fashioned word - but the mildest of the words he used about her.
"He sees her as one of Dylan's main problems and he surmises that this might be what pushed Dylan to indulge excessively when he went to America; that there was a kind of death wish there because of the collapse of his marriage to Caitlin.
"But elsewhere in the memoir what we get is the picture of a happy family man. A contented writer, somebody who was getting on with the business of writing the great poems that he produced at the end of his life."
Dr Hughes' memoir also details the death of Thomas' mother, Florence, in 1958 following a performance of her son's play Under Milk Wood.
It states she "died rejoicing" after the performance in Laugharne, which took place five years after her son's death in New York.
Prof Goodby said Thomas turned increasingly to alcohol during his visits to the USA, and the persistence of his notorious reputation was fuelled by the public's appetite.
"People don't want poets to be boring, it's as simple as that. They like their poets to be excessive and inspired by some kind of divine force. They want to see them acting out their own fantasies, perhaps being excessive on their behalf.
"It's comforting to see a poet, somebody who is a genius, have foibles and have failings like oneself."

He admitted charges of child cruelty by wilful ill-treatment and assault in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suffering or injury to health.
The offences occurred in 2012.
The NSPCC said the man had "inflicted injuries on his children" and it was "right" he was convicted.
The court had heard that the matter came to police attention after an anonymous call from a concerned member of the public to NSPCC.
"This case shows that it's imperative that adults concerned about a child's welfare do ask hard questions if there are any doubts about any injuries," said Neil Anderson, NSPCC's head of services in Northern Ireland.
"This is especially important in cases where the victim is too young to speak out and their only hope lies with those in positions of authority."
Earlier, the court also heard that the man has been classed at a high risk of reoffending, which the defence said was "slightly surprising".
"Clearly significant emotional damage has been caused," the judge said.
He added: "While this is a serious matter, I feel a combination order would be more beneficial to both the defendant and the community."
The man, who cannot be named to protect the identity of his children, was given a 12-month probation order with 100 hours of community service.
Previously, Dungannon Magistrates' Court heard that injuries to the man's son were noticed by a classroom assistant in his primary school.
The boy told her his father had hit him in the face causing the injuries.
The court heard the school decided not to report the incident and opted instead to monitor the situation.
However, social services then attended the school in relation to inquiries into domestic abuse in the children's home setting, and the previous incident was disclosed.
Just over four months later, an anonymous caller said they were told by the two children that their father beat them with a belt.
The court heard that his daughter initially said this had not happened, but later claimed both her father and step-mother beat her with a belt.
A medical examination said marks found on one of the children "could be consistent with belt marks".
In a video interview after the children were removed from the home, the son said both he and his sister were beaten with a belt by their father and step-mother.
He added that he was glad he did not have to go home, as he was afraid of his father.
He said his step-mother had told both children they were not to tell anyone about the beatings.
The court heard the father made no comments to police questions when he was arrested and failed to respond to photographs of the children's injuries.
He then told police that his son's allegations were lies and he had never beaten his children, although he accepted he had witnessed his wife strike the children.
In court, a defence barrister said his client accepted he used a belt to punish the children, but disputed that it caused injuries.

The Queen's Swan Marker, David Barber, said there had been an increase in air gun shootings, particularly in Windsor, Berkshire, during the winter.
"We've lost at least two of the breeding pairs this year because of the shootings," he said.
The Swan Upping ceremony commenced at 09:00 BST in Sunbury, Surrey.
The five-day survey also passes through Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire.
Last year, when Mr Barber also raised concerns over shootings, the census recorded 2,014 swans, including 120 cygnets and 34 breeding pairs.
He said numbers did fluctuate but added: "Our expectations are that numbers should be better than last year."
Mr Barber said the protected birds were "very easy targets".
"When they're shot, some don't get killed straight away - they go off and sometimes take a week to die and that's the awful part," he added.
The census dates back to the 12th Century and sees the mute swans on the river rounded up, marked, weighed, health-checked and then released.
Mr Barber said it also served as a "very important conservation and educational exercise", with many local schools taking part in the event.
Some of the lowest numbers recorded in recent years were in the 1980s due to lead poisoning, Mr Barber said.
Flooding on the Thames cancelled a section of the ceremony in 2012.
The Crown retains the right to ownership of all unmarked mute swans in open water.
Killing or injuring them is punishable by a six-month prison term and, in some cases, a fine up to £5,000.

The 28-year-old's current deal was due to expire at the end of this campaign.
A Mercedes spokesman said: "We have long-term relationships with both our drivers."
The German driver, who won the opening race of 2014, is second in the standings, behind Hamilton, who is in the second season of a three-year deal.
Media playback is not supported on this device
News of Rosberg's deal follows comments this week from Dieter Zetsche, the chairman of Mercedes-Benz Cars, that Ferrari's Fernando Alonso was "maybe the best driver in F1".
Zetsche's remarks, made during a visit to a Mercedes car factory in Spain, led some in F1 to wonder whether Mercedes might consider signing Alonso in the future.
But the Brackley-based outfit are happy with their current line-up and have no intention of breaking it up for the foreseeable future.
Mercedes bosses also point out that, during his trip to the car factory, Zetsche stated he felt his team had the best driver line-up in F1 but that this was not reported by the media.
Although Alonso, a double world champion, is widely admired as arguably the most complete driver in F1, many senior figures consider that he is difficult to work with and a potentially disruptive influence in a team.
Alonso's relationship with Ferrari has been going through a strained period because of their failure to win the World Championship following the 32-year-old Spaniard's transfer from Renault in 2010.
Mercedes have won every race in Formula 1 this season after producing a dominant car under the new rules that have introduced turbo-hybrid engines and a fuel-efficiency based set of regulations to the sport.
Hamilton has won four races to Rosberg's one, but they are only separated by three points going into this weekend's race in Monaco.
Reacting to the news, BBC F1 co-commentator David Coulthard told BBC Radio 5 live: "Nico's being rewarded for not only helping build the stability in the team over the last couple of seasons but also it gives him a platform to really have a clear head and take this World Championship battle head to head with his team-mate."
However, Coulthard believes Hamilton remains the team's number one driver. He explained: "The reality is you can only have one of your drivers standing on the top spot of the podium.
"Lewis Hamilton has been brought in as a former world champion, as the one that they would have expected to really be leading the charge for another championship.
"No disrespect to Nico but we've seen Lewis and Fernando go head to head before at McLaren and it didn't work.
"We've seen Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost within a team together as well and that didn't work.
"Ideally you have two number ones but there's always going to be one of them that's slightly stronger."
Monaco Grand Prix full coverage details

Abertawe Bro Morgannwg health board is proposing cutting the opening times of minor injury units at Singleton and Neath Port Talbot hospitals.
The unit at Singleton could also merge with three other services which treat patients who are not 999 emergencies but who still need urgent care.
The health board said the systems at both hospitals do not work well and the plans would "better meet demand".
It will begin consulting with the public over the plans in the next few weeks.
Currently, Singleton's minor injury unit sees about 30 patients a day, mainly during daytime hours.
The unit at Neath Port Talbot has about 120 patients during the day but just three on average after midnight.
Dr Chris Hudson, the health board's clinical director of medicine and unscheduled care, said: "We believe these are common sense changes we can make which will really make an improvement to the service we can offer, particularly around managing times of peak demand.
"Working together in one team [at Singleton] will provide a more timely service and a much improved experience for patients.
"It will also have a positive effect for patients at other hospitals like Morriston, because it will reduce pressure on that hospital."
Claire Birchall, Neath Port Talbot Hospital's unit service director, added: "As the patient numbers are increasing this means that people who are waiting to be seen can also wait longer, and we appreciate that this can be frustrating.
"We want to improve the quality of our service by making sure we have more staff available when we know more people will be attending."

The actress was 19 when she was cast opposite Brando in Bernardo Bertolucci's controversial 1972 film.
It saw her play a young Parisian who embarks on a sexually charged relationship with his middle-aged American businessman.
The film was banned in several countries due to its explicit content.
Born in 1952 in Paris, Schneider was the daughter of French actor Daniel Gelin.
She began her film career in uncredited roles before being given her first break in 1970 film Madly.
Last Tango in Paris provoked such controversy that the actress resolved never to do nude scenes again.
Yet she was briefly seen naked three years later in Jack Nicholson film The Passenger, albeit in long shot.
Schneider battled drug addiction in the 1970s but went on to star in mostly low-budget European films.
She was last seen on the big screen in 2008 French film Cliente, about a married construction worker who leads a double life as a gigolo.

Samsung said: "Shipments of the Galaxy Note 7 are being temporarily delayed for additional quality assurance inspections."
There are reports in South Korea and the US of the Galaxy Note 7 "exploding" either during or just after charging.
However, it is unclear whether the delay is because of these reports.
Pictures and videos shared online depict charred and burnt handsets.
Shares fell as much as 3.5% during trade in Seoul before making a partial recovery to close 2% down on the day.
Sister company Samsung SDI told Reuters that while it was a supplier of Galaxy Note 7 batteries, it had received no information to suggest the batteries were faulty.
A YouTube user who says they live in the US uploaded a video of a Galaxy Note 7 with burnt rubber casing and damaged screen under the name Ariel Gonzalez on 29 August.
He said the handset "caught fire" shortly after he unplugged the official Samsung charger, less than a fortnight after purchasing it.
"I came home after work, put it to charge for a little bit before I had class, went to put it on my waist and it caught fire," he said.
He added that while he was unharmed, his carpet was burnt in the incident.
At least five other claims of phones "exploding" had been made by 24 August, according to the Korean news agency Yonhap News.
Further images of a burnt Galaxy Note 7 were uploaded to Kakao Story, a popular social media site in Korea, on 30 August.
A user wrote: "There was another explosion of the Galaxy Note 7. It was my friend's phone. A Samsung employee checked the site and he is currently in talks over the compensation with Samsung. You should use its original charger just in case and leave the phone far away from where you are while charging."
The post has since been deleted, according to Business Korea.
Rival Apple is due to hold an event on 7 September, where it is expected to announce its latest iPhone.
"The timing could not be worse for Samsung," said Roberta Cozza, research director at Gartner.
"Samsung was back on track with its premium phones after the Galaxy S7 earlier this year. If it plans on issuing a recall, it will have to be done quickly, as such issues can be very damaging.
"The Galaxy Note 7 was very well received when it was launched earlier this month, so this is a delicate moment."

The death of the man named as Rodrick Shonte Dantzler, 34, ended a dramatic eight-hour manhunt in Grand Rapids.
Those killed - five adults and two children - include his daughter and a former girlfriend, police say.
Dantzler led police on a high-speed chase through Grand Rapids before taking hostages in an apartment.
Grand Rapids Police Chief Kevin Belk said he was disappointed in the outcome of the standoff.
"At the time the incident occurred, he was talking about coming out, giving himself up," Mr Belk said. "Obviously, he decided at the last moment to fire the gun."
The hunt began after police found four people dead in one home and three others in another across the city.
There followed a high-speed chase across the city, in which Dantzler was pursued by police in cars and helicopters. Shots were fired during the pursuit and two bystanders were lightly wounded.
Dantzler abandoned his car after crashing it into a motorway ditch and then entered a nearby random home, taking hostage three people he apparently did not know. He later freed a 53-year-old woman but was still holding two people when he shot himself.
A resident who lives opposite one of the homes where the fatal shootings happened said she had seen the suspect at the ranch house where a couple lived with two grown-up daughters.
Sandra Powney said she knew nothing of the shootings until police converged on the cul-de-sac in the afternoon.
"For a while we couldn't come outside," she said. "They didn't know if there was someone still inside the house."
Police Chief Belk praised police officers and said it was a "difficult time for our community".
"It makes no sense to try to rationalise it what the motives were," he said. "You just cannot come up with a logical reason why someone takes seven peoples' lives".
Michigan state official Russ Marlan said records showed that Mr Dantzler was released from prison in 2005 after serving time for assault. He has not been under state supervision since then.

Maintenance on the cable-stayed bridge on the A548 over the River Dee will see it closed to traffic for several weekends in the coming two months.
The bridge crossing will also be reduced to one lane during weekdays.
Restrictions will be lifted during the Wales Rally GB in the second week of November.
Highways network manager Barry Wilkinson said: "We appreciate these works may cause some inconvenience but ask for the patience of the travelling public whilst this essential maintenance is carried out."

Barnardo's urged ministers to act after fresh claims of an abuse "cover-up".
Baroness Butler-Sloss stood down as head of an overarching inquiry nearly a fortnight ago amid concerns about her family links with the establishment.
Home Secretary Theresa May then said a new chairman and inquiry panel would be announced "as soon as possible".
The charity was responding to the BBC's story about claims that a cover-up took place to protect politicians' reputations following allegations of abuse at a children's home in south London.
Barnardo's chief executive Javed Khan said: "Today's allegations of politician and police cover-up operations into historical child sexual abuse claims is a stark reminder of the urgent need for government to get its investigation into child sex abuse off the ground and find a replacement for Baroness Butler-Sloss now.
"Despite claims of 'not hanging around' in naming her successor, almost two weeks have passed. The government has still to tell the country who will lead the inquiry and what its remit will be."
BBC political correspondent Ross Hawkins says there is understood to be frustration among some in the charitable sector that a replacement still has not been announced.
Lady Butler-Sloss's late brother, Sir Michael Havers, was attorney general in the 1980s.
When she stepped down the retired judge said she was "not the right person" for the job and did not "sufficiently consider" whether her family links would cause difficulties.
Mrs May said she did not regret appointing the peer, adding that she would "not hang around" in naming a successor.
Downing Street initially said it would "take a few days" to appoint a new chairman and appeared to indicate that whoever was chosen would not be so closely linked to the establishment.
Mrs May said she hoped to name a new candidate "within a reasonable amount of time" but said whoever was approached would need to "think carefully" about the nature of the role.
Following the call from Barnardo's, a Home Office spokesman said: "The work of this inquiry is vital and an announcement will be made on who will take over the chairmanship and membership of the panel as soon as possible."
The inquiry was set up to examine how public bodies handled their duty of care to protect children from paedophiles.
It came after Labour MP Simon Danczuk called on Leon Brittan to say what he knew about paedophile allegations passed to him when he was home secretary in the 1980s.
The files were given to Lord Brittan by the late Conservative MP Geoffrey Dickens, who was a long-standing campaigner against child abuse.
Mrs May has ordered a separate review into the Home Office's own investigation into historical allegations of child abuse and how police and prosecutors handled information given to them.

The 34-year-old father-of-two was killed after being hit by a vehicle which mounted a central reservation in Merseyside on 5 October.
Georgia Clarke, 19, of Wallasey, Dawn Cooper, 34, of Wallasey and Michael Smith, 19, of Gateacre are due at Wirral Magistrates' Court later.
An 18-year-old man has been charged with PC Phillips's murder.
Clayton Williams, of Wheatland Lane, Wallasey, is accused of murder, attempting to wound another police officer, aggravated theft of a motor vehicle and burglary.
Phillip Stuart, 30, of Oxton, was charged with aggravated taking of a vehicle and burglary.
Both have been remanded in custody until 22 October.

The firm will receive Â£7.3m from Scottish Enterprise as part of a research and development grant - the country's largest ever grant of this type.
The money will go to its low carbon vehicles programme, which is part of the plans to double turnover by 2020.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is visiting the firm on Monday.
ADL is the UK's biggest bus manufacturer, employing 2,500 globally including more than 1,000 staff at its base at Larbert, near Falkirk.
Its low carbon project aims to take advantage of the growing global demand for hybrid and electric buses
Ahead of her visit, Ms Sturgeon said the company was "a true Scottish success story".
She added: "This new grant funding, the highest ever research and development award by Scottish Enterprise, will create 101 new jobs and secure a further 126 jobs in ADL's low carbon vehicles project.
"The project is integral to ADL's growth and export strategy to capture more of the increasing global demand for environmentally friendly buses.
"We'll continue to work with manufacturers like ADL to innovate and expand and we'll set out further measures to grow the Scottish economy later this week."

The note, which follows the polymer £5, will be issued on 14 September and has a portrait of Jane Austen on the 200th anniversary of the author's death.
It is also the first Bank of England note to include a tactile feature to help visually impaired people.
Meanwhile, a limited supply of a new £2 coin honouring Jane Austen has been put into circulation by the Royal Mint.
The coin will initially only be available in tills at key locations in the Winchester and Basingstoke areas that have connections with Austen, including Winchester Cathedral and the Jane Austen House Museum.
It will be circulated more widely across the UK later this year.
The £10 note will be made of the same material as the £5 note, which means it also contains some traces of animal fat - an issue which caused concern for vegans and some religious groups when it was launched last September.
A petition to ban the note attracted more than 100,000 signatures but the new £10 will again contain some tallow, which is derived from meat products.
The Jane Austen quote on the note from Pride and Prejudice has also attracted some unfavourable comment.
The quotation: "I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading!" is uttered by a character called Caroline Bingley who in fact has no interest in books and is merely trying to impress Mr Darcy, a potential suitor.
But Mr Carney defended the choice.
"It captures much of her [Jane Austen's] spirit, at least in my mind," he said. "It draws out some of the essence of some of her social satire and her insight into people's character. So it works on multiple levels."
A new polymer £20 featuring artist JMW Turner is due to be issued by 2020, but there are no plans to replace the current £50 note, which was released in 2011.
The Bank of England says the new £10 notes contain sophisticated security features and are expected to last five years, which is two-and-a-half times longer than the current note.
The tactile feature was developed in conjunction with the Royal National Institute of Blind People (RNIB) and is a series of raised dots in the top left-hand corner of each note.
Bank notes are already in tiered sizes, and have bold numerals, raised print and differing colours to help blind and partially sighted people.
Launching the note in Winchester Cathedral, Austen's final resting place, Mr Carney paid tribute to the author, saying: "The new £10 note celebrates Jane Austen's work. Austen's novels have a universal appeal and speak as powerfully today as they did when they were first published."
Victoria Cleland, the Bank's chief cashier, said: "The new £10 note marks the next exciting step in our introduction of cleaner, safer, stronger polymer banknotes, and I am grateful to the cash industry for their work towards a smooth transition."
The design of the note includes the quote "I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading!" from Austen's novel Pride and Prejudice and a portrait of the novelist based on an original sketch drawn by her sister Cassandra.
Meanwhile, the Austen £2 coin, designed by Royal Mint graphic designer Dominique Evans, features Austen's silhouette, set in a period frame against a backdrop of Regency wallpaper.
Ms Evans said: "I imagined Jane Austen's framed silhouette as if it were in one of the houses featured in her books, on the wall of a corridor as guests passed by to attend a dance, perhaps in Pride and Prejudice, or on the wall in the home of Emma."
Austen had her first novel Sense and Sensibility published anonymously in 1811 at the age of 35.
The Bank of Scotland unveiled the design of its new plastic £10 note at the end of May.
Featuring Scottish novelist and poet Sir Walter Scott alongside The Mound in Edinburgh on the front and the Glenfinnan Viaduct on the back, it also has a picture of a steam locomotive hauling a heritage tourist train.
The note is due to come into circulation in the autumn.

The Supreme Court has stripped his family of $1.4bn (Â£910m) in contested assets, over allegations of corruption and conflict of interest, but he remains determined to play a leading role in Thailand.
A telecommunications billionaire, Mr Thaksin was the first prime minister in Thailand's history to lead an elected government through a full term in office.
He was enormously popular, especially among the rural poor, but also proved a divisive figure and was deeply unpopular among many of Bangkok's rich elite.
After more than five years in power, he was ousted in a military coup in September 2006, accused of corruption and abuse of power.
He has been in self-imposed exile since - mostly in London or Dubai.
He faces a two-year jail sentence if he returns to Thailand, after being convicted in absentia on a conflict-of-interest charge.
But even though he is out of the country, he still effectively controls the main opposition Pheu Thai party, which his younger sister, Yingluck, is leading into a general election on 3 July.
Born in 1949 in the northern city of Chiang Mai, Mr Thaksin started his career as a police officer.
In 1973, he received a government scholarship to study for a masters degree in criminal justice in the United States.
When he returned he went into business, and during the late 1980s began building a successful telecommunications empire.
He founded the Thai Rak Thai (Thais Love Thais) party in 1998, and its rapid emergence transformed the country's politics.
Mr Thaksin swept into office in 2001, soundly defeating the old guard from the Democrat Party.
Poorer voters liked his offers of cheap medical care and debt relief, his nationalist platform and his contempt for the "Bangkok elite".
But big business also liked him for his CEO-style of government and his "Thaksinomics" policies, which created a new boom in a country where the Asian financial crisis of the late 1990s had begun.
Mr Thaksin also won support for his handling of the tsunami relief effort after the 2004 Indian Ocean disaster, which devastated parts of south-western Thailand.
Other things were not so easy. He had to face the fallout from his government's suppression of news of an outbreak of bird flu, as well as criticism over the violent deaths of more than 2,500 people during a crackdown on drugs in 2003.
Thailand's Corruption Commission found he had failed to declare all of his wealth, and he was also criticised over the government's handling of the upsurge in violence in the largely Muslim south.
Yet each time he faced pressure, Mr Thaksin appeared to ride out the storm, his backing among his key supporters - Thailand's rural voters - apparently unscathed.
It was his family's decision to sell its shares in one of Thailand's biggest telecom groups, Shin Corp, that led to Mr Thaksin's downfall.
The sale, in early 2006, which netted his family and friends $1.9bn, angered many urban Thais, who complained that the Thaksin family had avoided paying tax and passed control of an important national asset to Singaporean investors.
Amid large-scale street demonstrations, Mr Thaksin called a snap general election for April 2006, effectively telling opponents to "put up or shut up".
But main opposition parties boycotted the polls and many voters chose to register a "no vote".
Faced with the threat of further protests, Mr Thaksin said he would step down. He did for a few weeks, but returned to office in May.
In September that year, following months of political uncertainty, the military seized power while the prime minister was out of the country.
Mr Thaksin relocated to the UK, but shortly after his allies won the first post-coup elections in late 2007, he returned to Thailand.
There he and his family faced a raft of corruption charges - allegations which the former Thai leader probably expected to come to nothing.
But the courts - greatly empowered by a new military-backed constitution - pursued the cases against him and his family with new vigour.
First his wife, Pojaman, and then Mr Thaksin himself were sentenced to jail terms - with the Supreme Court finding the former leader guilty of corruption.
His assets were frozen, forcing him to sell his controlling stake in English Premier League football club Manchester City shortly afterwards.
Mr Thaksin left Thailand, failing to return home for a court appearance from the Olympic Games in Beijing in August 2008, and became a fugitive.
Since divorcing his wife - who now lives in Bangkok after her sentence was suspended - he has spent most of his time in Dubai.
He remains very much at the heart of Thailand's political dramas.
Mr Thaksin's allies lost power at the end of 2008 after a series of opposition protests and court rulings, but they are still a force to be reckoned with.
The "red shirt" protesters - fiercely loyal to Mr Thaksin - regularly stage rallies demanding political change, and their hero often makes an appearance on a giant video screen to give them encouragement.
In May last year a bloody confrontation with the military ended prolonged protests, in which more than 90 people died.
Mr Thaksin may be in exile but he is still a dominant and divisive presence in Thai politics, and a factor in the forthcoming general election.

The victims managed to call 999 after getting to a petrol station in Tudor Street, Riverside, following the assault in Despenser Gardens.
Both men were taken to hospital following the incident which happened at about 19:00 BST on Friday.
South Wales Police said the men were in a stable condition, and appealed for information.

So far there's been punctured talk of pacts, "blonde" bombshell bickering and a promotional "printing error", but little in the way of significant substance.
Maybe it's due to election fatigue on the part of both the prospective politicians and the public after a volley of votes in the past few years.
This year, of course, was scheduled to be election-free, but nothing generally goes to plan in the political business.
And there's still the chance of another Northern Ireland Assembly poll in the second half of 2017, should Stormont's summer talks stutter.
Back in March, a lunchtime trip to Belfast's Electoral Office on the final day of voter registration revealed a line of eager electors snaked all the way down the stairwell and out on to the street.
There was no queue when we visited on Monday - the final day for anyone hoping to register for the general election - but there was certainly a steady stream of people dropping off their forms.
Along with those updating their records with new addresses, for example, there were more than a few people putting their name down for the first time.
Among them was William Thompson. Too young to cast a ballot in March's assembly election, he said he was glad of the chance this time around.
"The vote in my area was very close last time, so I do think it'll make a difference where I live," said the 18-year-old.
"I can see some people's disillusion with voting - this is the third big vote in a year, with Brexit, the assembly and the general election."
William is doing his A-Levels and said the lack of an online service to register was a hindrance to him.
"I left this to the last moment because I didn't know where the Electoral Office was.
"It would be far simpler to do it online, rather than having to fill it in and come down and interrupt study leave."
Another student, originally from China, was registering for the first time after living in Northern Ireland for four years.
As she is a future junior doctor, healthcare and Brexit are her primary concerns.
"I saw a thing on Facebook about how young people don't really vote and if you do you can actually sway election results," she said.
"Politics is complicated - it can be really difficult to understand what's going on.
"If you don't know what's going on it's really hard to get interested."
Another man had recently returned home to Northern Ireland after a long spell of globe-trotting.
"I have never voted in any election, surprisingly, in all the years I've been eligible to vote," he explained.
"Whether I choose to in this election I'm as yet unsure - with regards to political processes and politicians, I don't put much faith in them."
And he wasn't the only returning traveller - one woman who was back in Belfast after time spent in the Middle East said she wanted to "have my say" for the first time.
"It's only in the aftermath of the Brexit vote that I've really been a lot more conscious and a lot more politically engaged," she said.
"I've been actively seeking out more and more information for myself and forming my own opinions, rather than just accepting what I'm being told."
But she's not up for a rerun of the Brexit referendum, as the Liberal Democrats suggest, even though she said last June's result was "disappointing".
"I think that you just have to leave it now - everyone will be going around the bend if we have to vote for anything else this year."
One disillusioned man in his late-20s was submitting his form after not voting for the past four years.
He said: "I'm hoping there is a neutral party out there that is thinking 20, 30 years ahead as opposed to 20, 30 years behind."
And another had a message for those who chose not to exercise their democratic right at the ballot box.
"I feel there's more damage to be done by people not making their voices heard," he said.
"Sure what harm could it do to vote?
"There's no point crying about how: 'Oh, I don't like how this certain MP got elected.'
"Well, did you vote against them? If not, you probably conceded your right to complain."
If you want to have your say on 8 June but you're not on the electoral register yet, you still have a little bit of time to sort that out.
Electoral Office buildings have closed for the day, but if you slip your registration form through the letterbox of one of the offices across Northern Ireland before midnight on Monday your name will be added to the list.
You can find more details on the Electoral Office website.
Elsewhere on the campaign trail on Monday...
BBC News NI's Campaign Catch-up will keep you across the general election trail with a daily dose of the main stories, the minor ones and the lighter moments in the run up to polling day on Thursday 8 June.
Hear more on BBC Radio Ulster's Evening Extra at 17:40 each weekday.

The 19-year-old said his party, Demosisto, would demand self-determination for Hong Kong.
Mr Wong was a leading figure in the so-called Umbrella Movement in 2014, which aimed to secure greater voting rights for the territory's residents.
"Street activism is not enough if we want to fight for a better future," Mr Wong told the BBC.
"We have to enter the system, create a political party and shape the political agenda, in order to drive forward our movement for self-determination."
Although Mr Wong is too young to run for office, Demosisto will put forward candidates in Legislative Council elections in September.
His televised arrest in September 2014 helped spark pro-democracy protests that would continue for 79 days, paralysing the heart of the city.
But they ultimately failed to win any concessions from the Chinese government.
By BBC Hong Kong correspondent Juliana Liu
Mr Wong recently disbanded his student activist group Scholarism to pave way for the new party.
Its first goal is to contest, and hopefully win, seats in the Legislative Council election in September.
Mr Wong himself, not yet 21, is still too young to run. Three fellow party leaders will stand for election in two districts.
For his part, Joshua Wong says his party rejects violence, but will continue to engage in street politics.
His journey from child activist to party leader has begun.
Read Juliana's full analysis
A founder of student protest group Scholarism, in 2012, Mr Wong rallied more than 100,000 people to protest against Hong Kong's plans to implement mandatory "patriotic education" in schools.
He began his protesting career at just 13, when he demonstrated against plans to build a high-speed rail link between Hong Kong and the mainland.
Two years later, he had set up Scholarism, successfully challenged the government and was firmly in the limelight.
By 2014 his profile was so high, he held a press conference to announce his university entrance exam results.
A former British colony, Hong Kong became a special administrative region of China in 1997.

The Asean summit in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, also involves counterparts from the US and China.
US officials said China had lobbied members for the issue to be left out of the traditional closing statement.
But China said "certain other countries" had interfered.
China has been aggressively staking its claims in the resource-rich South China Sea by reclaiming land and building airstrips and facilities on disputed reefs, angering neighbours who have overlapping claims.
The US and others have accused China of militarisation, but China says the construction is legal and for civilian purposes.
The clash of words comes days after the US angered Beijing by sailing a warship in an area of the sea claimed by China.
Contested South China Sea
The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) makes decisions on a consensus basis, and has a principle of not getting involved in member's affairs.
Its defence meetings have in the past failed to produce joint declarations over disagreements over the South China Sea issue.
On Wednesday, Malaysia cancelled a planned signing ceremony for the joint statement, without giving a reason.
But a US official told reporters the talks broke down because China was insistent that the final statement omit any mention of the South China Sea, which several countries felt that was "inappropriate".
"This was an Asean decision but in our view no statement is better than one that avoids the important issue of China's reclamation and militarisation in the South China Sea," Reuters quoted the official as saying.
China's defence ministry issued a statement on its official microblogging Weibo account saying China had established a "common understanding" with Asean on the contents of the statement.
"But certain other countries disregarded this existing common understanding, attempting to force and insert content unrelated to this summit's discussion into the joint declaration, completely straying from the Asean defence meeting mechanism's aims and principles," it said.
"The blame lies completely with these other countries," it added.

Every single Bramley apple ever eaten can be traced back to a 200-year-old tree that is still growing in Southwell in Nottinghamshire.
It grew from a pip sown by a young girl called Mary Ann Brailsford in 1809.
The apples are now so popular that 83,000 tonnes of them - approximately 400 million apples - were grown in Britain in 2014.
The Bramley Apple Festival was organised with the help of Roger Merryweather, great-grandson of Henry Merryweather, the first person to grow the trees commercially.
"Here we are 200 years since the first pip was sown and it's still a very popular cooking apple," said Mr Merryweather.
"The tree is showing a little bit of wear and tear as you can expect, but it bore fruit this year.
"How many more years it has to go, who knows?"
Mr Merryweather said the Bramley became popular because of its strong growth, the qualities of the fruit, and also because it can be stored for a long time.
He believes the National Federation of Women's Institutes has also done a lot to promote the qualities of the Bramley in cooking.

Coach Mike Hesson said team officials had lost confidence in the pair.
Batsman Ryder, 29, only recently returned to the squad after two years out, including a six-month drug ban.
If a player was to have a beer with their meal before a game, we don't have an issue with that at all. But there's a big difference between that and what occurred the night before the Test match
"Both Jesse and Doug did not prepare themselves well for the Test match and we're very disappointed," said Hesson.
"We need to make sure that all our players prepare themselves accordingly for Test cricket, and at the moment we don't have confidence that that's the case.
"We're dealing with grown men. If a player was to have a beer with their meal before a game, we don't have an issue with that at all. But there's a big difference between that and what occurred the night before the Test match."
Ryder quit international cricket in 2012 citing personal problems.
During his absence he was left in a medically induced coma after being attacked as he left a Christchurch bar.
He was also suspended for six months after testing positive for two banned stimulants.
However, he was brought back into the fold in December 2013, claiming he was "more motivated than ever to perform for New Zealand".
Ryder and all-rounder Bracewell were not in the starting team for the first Test in Auckland, which New Zealand won by 40 runs.
The second Test of the two-match series starts in Wellington on Friday.

A section of Victoria Park, in the Partick area of the city, was cordoned off on Friday while police forensic experts examined the scene.
Officers have appealed for anyone with information about the attack to come forward.
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said the assault is reported to have taken place between 01:00 and 02:00.
Inquiries are ongoing.

Michael Lever was told he must serve a minimum of four-and-a-half years in prison and was also given a lifelong restriction order.
One of his victims had told a jury he was a "monster" while another said he threatened to kill her if she did not agree to his demands.
Lever, 47, denied the crimes but was convicted in October 2015.
The attacks took place between 1993 and 2013 in Glasgow, Edinburgh, Ayr and the Borders.
Judge Lady Rae told Lever as she sentenced him at the High Court in Glasgow: "You have been described as controlling, abusive, as well as sexually and physically violent.
"From the material I have read, you seem to have little understanding of the impact of your behaviour."
The judge said she was satisfied Lever was a "high-risk offender".
The previous trial at the High Court in Edinburgh heard Lever was "charming" to one victim when she first met him.
But he later made her take drugs including amyl nitrate - known as poppers - as well as the "aphrodisiac" Spanish Fly.
She said the date rape drug GHB was also put in her drink.
The witness added: "When I woke up, it was the next day. I was naked and propped up against a sofa."
The jury heard how Lever put a pillowcase over the face of one of the women and ignored her screams throughout her ordeal.
The victim was discovered in a wardrobe, naked with her arms tied, looking badly bruised and crying.
Lever - who has since been struck off by the General Medical Council - insisted the women had agreed to sex.
But his QC Gary Allan told Thursday's hearing: "Dr Lever now says maybe they weren't consensual."
Lever was previously jailed for 15 months in 2013 after being found guilty of attacking members of his family.
He strangled his wife at hospital accommodation in Carluke, South Lanarkshire, while she was pregnant in 1997 and 1998.
He was also convicted of attacking her son between July 2001 and March 2004 and his 16-year-old daughter between 2008 and 2010.

The 56-year-old will lose the money she handed over to the man who claimed he was a Syria-based UN medic, as police could not track him down.
The victim said she knew there was "little chance" of getting her money.
Dorset PCC Martyn Underhill said: "Cybercrime is the emerging threat and that's why we are putting more resources into tackling it."
The woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, met the man on an online dating site and developed a "close friendship".
In March he told her he was sending a package for her to keep which he had been given by a Syrian sheikh.
According to fake customs papers, the package supposedly contained 34 gold bars, which he was sending with his personal possessions.
She was sent a video of the gold bars supposedly being unpacked at Heathrow by customs officials.
She paid a £1,770 handling charge that was fake and also a £7,400 government tax bill that was also fake, to release the package.
She then agreed to pay £4,000 for a flight from Syria for him to get home.
The money had in fact gone to a company based in the West Midlands.
Her son spotted the same video of the gold being unpacked on YouTube and realised his mother had been duped.
She said: "It was a horrible experience and I wouldn't wish it on anyone. I want to report my experience in order to help raise awareness so other people don't fall victim to the same crime."
Her case was referred to Action Fraud, which passed it on to West Midlands police.
A spokesman for the force said: "Significant enquiries were conducted into the alleged fraud, which determined that the suspect had used a legitimate, unsuspecting overseas business in order to fraudulently receive and spend the victim's money.
"The suspect has not been identified and, with enquiries exhausted to date, the case has been filed pending any new information coming to light."
Speaking of her experience, the woman said: "It has put me off using the internet as you don't know who you are talking to.
"When you're a vulnerable woman, people can tell you anything and get you around their little finger."

But how does it work? Here is a quick guide from BBC Sport…
The first round of deals is due to take place from about 1am on Friday, 21 April, from outside the Philadelphia Museum of Art, close to the steps featured in the 1976 hit boxing film Rocky.
A further six draft rounds will then take place up until Saturday with a total of 253 selections due to be taken.
Each NFL team has one choice per round. The order is based on how the teams finished last year. To help even up the league, the worst performing side receives the first pick - so, in theory, can gain the brightest prospect from the college system.
This year, that is set to be the Cleveland Browns, who finished last season with just one victory. The Super Bowl winners - New England Patriots - would have been the 32nd pick out of the 32 teams, but they traded their spot to the New Orleans Saints.
There are no transfer fees in NFL but teams can trade picks - so do not be surprised to find orders can change. Each team has 10 minutes "on the clock" to make their pick in the first round.
Once the choice is made, the player is usually paraded on stage and introduced by the league's commissioner Roger Goodell.
The Jacksonville Jaguars, who will be playing one game each year at Wembley until at least 2020, is to announce two of its picks from a London studio. The fifth and seventh picks are to be announced by fan Charlotte Johnson, from Lincoln.
To be suitable for the draft, players must have spent enough time in US college education to be deemed eligible by the NFL. That means some players can enter the Draft before they finish their degree. Players must also have been out of the US high school for at least three years.
Players usually show off their speed and skills across various tests before team representatives at the NFL's annual scouting combine, this year's took place between 28 February and 6 March.
The money seems to be on Texas A&M defensive end Myles Garrett being snapped up pretty quickly in this year's draft. He is tall at 6ft 4in and weighs 270lbs - but he can run 40 yards in just 4.64 seconds.
Beyond that, there is no real agreement among the experts - names include Stanford defensive end Solomon Thomas, Louisiana State running back Leonard Fournette and Ohio State cornerback Marshon Lattimore. The top tip for a quarterback seems to be Mitchell Trubisky of North Carolina - but also keep an eye out for Deshaun Watson, who led Clemson to the US college football national title.
Jermaine Eluemunor, a 22-year-old Londoner, is also hoping to be chosen as an offensive tackle in the Draft. As this video shows, his unusual path to the NFL began when he watched the Dolphins play the Giants at Wembley on TV back in 2007.
More than eight million viewers are expected to tune in to watch the event in the US - not bad for a group of people talking and not a single touchdown being thrown.
Media playback is not supported on this device
There are usually plenty of talking points after the event as fans and pundits work out which teams landed a star and who were left with the also-rans.

The light-heavyweight confidently picked shots and floored Mena three times before a round-two stoppage.
Light-heavyweight Frank Buglioni beat Ricky Summers to defended his British title with a unanimous points win.
The compelling bout saw both land heavy shots but Buglioni's stronger start was key as Summers lost for the first time.
Neither man touched down despite both feeling periods of pressure as Enfield-fighter Buglioni extended his record to 20 wins and a draw from 23 fights with the scorecards reading 116-113 115-114 118-111.
Buatsi will be progressed quickly according to promoter Eddie Hearn, who predicts the former Great Britain boxer will compete at least four more times this year.
Around 10 months had passed since he made the podium at the Rio Games as a result of a spell out of the sport in order to finish his degree studies.
But with his mentor Anthony Joshua ringside, Buatsi showcased speed and accuracy, mixing uppercuts and telling body shots to deliver knockdowns before the contest was waived off, sending Mena to a seventh loss in 11 fights.
"I was expected to win so no need to get carried away," said Buatsi, 24. "Back in the gym, lots to work on."
Conor Benn's return to the ring from a jaw injury arrived in the week his father - former two-weight world champion Nigel - stated he would return to the ring after 21 years to face Steve Collins for a third time.
Benn Snr walked his son to the ring and leapt between the ropes to hoist the 20-year-old when he dropped late stand-in opponent Mike Cole with a heavy left hook in the third round.
"Eight months out was a killer," said Benn. "I think I've boxed the best I've ever boxed tonight. There is no more pressure, I've changed my mental state. I'm relieved now, I do this because I love it and enjoy it."
Elsewhere, cruiserweight Lawrence Okolie stopped Russ Henshaw after two knockdowns to land his fourth-straight win inside a round. The Rio 2016 Olympian delivered vicious body shots to overwhelm Henshaw, who lost for the sixth time in his 15-fight career.
Bermondsey super-welterweight Ted Cheeseman claimed the English title. putting together a fine display to hand Matthew Ryan a second career defeat and extend his own record to nine wins from nine.

A gunman opened fire in Reina nightclub at about 01:30 local time (22:30 GMT), as revellers marked the new year.
Suleyman Soylu said efforts were continuing to find the attacker, who was believed to have acted alone.
At least 69 people were being treated in hospital, the minister added. Four were said to be in a serious condition.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the attackers were trying to "create chaos" and pledged to "fight to the end" against terrorism.
Addressing reporters, Mr Soylu said: "A manhunt for the terrorist is under way. Police have launched operations. We hope the attacker will be captured soon."
Only 21 of the victims had been identified, he said. Fifteen or 16 were foreigners, he said, and at least three of the Turkish victims may have been employees at the club.
"This was a massacre, a truly inhuman savagery,'' he said.
Early media reports suggested the attacker may have been wearing a Santa Claus outfit, but newly-obtained CCTV footage shows the suspected attacker in a black coat outside the club.
Mr Soylu said the gunman was wearing a coat and trousers, but "we were informed that he was wearing different clothes inside".
Reina nightclub, in the the Ortakoy area of Istanbul, is an upmarket venue on the banks of the Bosphorus.
Istanbul Governor Vasip Sahin said the attacker killed a policeman and a civilian outside the club before entering and opening fire.
"Before I could understand what was happening, my husband fell on top me,'' the Associated Press news agency quoted Sinem Uyanik, who was inside the club, as saying.
"I had to lift several bodies from (on) top of me before I could get out. It was frightening.''
There were reportedly as many as 700 people in the nightclub at the time of the attack, some of whom jumped into the water to escape.
The Turkish authorities have imposed a media blackout on coverage of the attack, citing security and public order concerns, but it does not extend to official statements.
Some media reports spoke of more than one attacker and Dogan news agency reported that some witnesses claimed the attackers were "speaking Arabic", but there is no confirmation of this.
Despite there being no official statement about who might be behind this brutal attack, the finger of blame is being pointed at the so-called Islamic State.
In the last two years of attacks in Turkey, Kurdish militants have mostly targeted military forces and police, while IS is known to target civilians.
IS leaders have threatened Turkey and called on their followers to carry out attacks inside the country.
Turkey began a ground operation against IS as well as Kurdish groups inside Syria four months ago.
In a statement, President Erdogan condemned those trying to "demoralise our people and create chaos with abominable attacks which target civilians".
"We will retain our cool-headedness as a nation, standing more closely together, and we will never give ground to such dirty games."
US President Barack Obama, who is on holiday in Hawaii, was among the first international leaders to make a statement after being briefed by his team.
"The president expressed condolences for the innocent lives lost, directed his team to offer appropriate assistance to the Turkish authorities, as necessary, and keep him updated as warranted," White House spokesman Eric Schultz said in a statement.
Russian President Vladimir Putin condemned the "cynical" murder of civilians. "Our shared duty is to decisively rebuff terrorist aggression," he said in a telegram quoted on the Kremlin website.
Turkey and Russia are working together on efforts to end the fighting in Syria, though they support different sides in the conflict.
Istanbul was already on high alert with some 17,000 police officers on duty in the city, following a string of terror attacks in recent months.
Many were carried out by so-called Islamic State (IS) or Kurdish militants.
Less than a fortnight ago, Russian Ambassador Andrei Karlov was shot dead by off-duty Turkish policeman Mevlut Mert Altintas as he gave a speech in the capital Ankara.
After the shooting, the killer shouted the murder was in revenge for Russian involvement in the conflict in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
10 December: Twin bomb attack outside a football stadium in Istanbul kills 44 people, Kurdish militant group claims responsibility
20 August: Bomb attack on wedding party in Gaziantep kills at least 30 people, IS suspected
30 July: 35 Kurdish fighters try to storm a military base and are killed by the Turkish army
28 June: A gun and bomb attack on Ataturk airport in Istanbul kills 41 people, in an attack blamed on IS militants
13 March: 37 people are killed by Kurdish militants in a suicide car bombing in Ankara
17 February: 28 people die in an attack on a military convoy in Ankara

The 18-year-old man and 19-year-old woman were pronounced dead at the scene in Knights Tower in Wharf Street, Deptford, just after midnight.
Insp Shaun Carre-Brown described the deaths as "tragic accidents" which were not being treated as suspicious.
Police said the students were at a party and urged any witnesses to come forward.
A resident who lives in a building opposite Knights Tower said he saw a couple "frolicking" on the balcony.
He said: "The occupants were inside, these two were on the balcony. We were shutting our blinds when we saw a couple on their balcony frolicking.
He said less than 10 minutes later he heard a "bang". His partner said: "We thought someone had been shot."
Samson Oguntayo, 32,  who lives in the neighbouring Cornmill House, said he and his partner had seen the couple fall.
He said he thought they "were trying to have sex on the balcony".
"The guy was lifting the girl and putting her on the banister," he said.
"You could see they were doing some really dangerous stuff."
"The last thing I expected was to see them falling down.
"We just screamed."
Det Ch Supt Helen Millichap said: "We believe this was a tragic accident involving two young people who were students attending a local college.
"We will work closely with the college to make sure any affected students receive information and support.
"Our thoughts are with the family and friends of these young people."

The study, by the UN and the government on the most recent available data, said almost all the deaths were murders.
More than half of those killed were young men under the age of 30 - two-thirds were described as black.
The Brazilian Congress is debating a controversial bill that would limit access to firearms.
Gun crime murders have been dropping in the states of Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo but rising in the north and northeast of the country.
The northern state of Alagoas is the most violent, with fifty-five gun deaths per hundred thousand inhabitants.
The report says a slow justice system and flawed police investigations as well as the widespread availability of firearms are to blame.
It says Brazil has become a society which tolerates guns to resolve "all sorts of disputes, in most cases for very banal and circumstantial reasons."
A law to ban the carrying of guns in public and control illegal ownership came into effect in 2004.
It tightened rules on gun permits and create a national firearms register, with strict penalties for owning an unregistered gun.

The 32-year-old, who won gold in the 5,000m and 10,000m at London 2012, has made himself available for the British team for the race, on 26 March.
"It will be a good chance to try to claim another world title," said Farah.
Organisers said Farah's appearance was a "major coup" for the event, which hopes to attract 25,000 runners.
British Athletics will name its team on 7 March, with Farah hoping to race at the championships for the first time in his glittering career.
"I know the standard is incredibly high with athletes who really target and train specifically for the event, so I know it will be a hard race," said Farah, the British and European half marathon record holder.
"I always get amazing support whenever I race in the UK and I hope this will help me along the way."
Farah began the Olympic year by competing at the Great Edinburgh Cross Country, where he was beaten by American Garrett Heath over the 8km course.
Organisers of the World Half Marathon have long lobbied Farah to make himself available, and he believes the course in Cardiff will help his ambition to become the first man since Finland's Lasse Viren in 1976 to win successive 5,000m and 10,000m Olympic titles.
"My primary aim for 2016 is the Olympic Games in Rio in August but this race will be a good way to build my endurance before I return to the track in the summer," he said.
"I hear the course in Cardiff is very fast and it may take a personal best to win the race but I'm up for the challenge."
The IAAF Half Marathon Championships are being hosted in Britain for the first time since 2009, and for the first time in Wales.
As well as the world-class athletes who will compete in the elite races over 13.1 miles (21km), the event will also be open to amateur runners of all ages.
"Mo's appearance has always been a key ambition for us and this news will give a huge boost in the final nine weeks of preparation," said Matt Newman, chief executive of race organisers Run 4 Wales.
"The Welsh public will get a rare chance to witness one of athletics' global stars competing around their capital city."

Sir Simon Fraser was a trade negotiator in Europe and permanent under-secretary at the Foreign Office until July 2015.
"I don't think we can avoid an increase in bureaucracy," he said, stressing a need for expertise in trade talks.
"Serious thinking has barely begun on the substantive issues," he said.
Mr Fraser told reporters in London that he expected Prime Minister Theresa May, Chancellor Philip Hammond and the new Brexit Minister, David Davis, to be the key players in negotiating the UK's exit from the EU.
Besides Mr Davis, Mrs May gave top posts to two other leading figures in the Leave campaign: Boris Johnson became Foreign Secretary and Liam Fox International Trade Secretary.
Mrs May has promised to deliver Brexit because the Leave camp won with 52% of the vote on 23 June.
But she will not trigger Article 50 - the formal mechanism for starting Brexit - until next year.
After the UK's 1973 accession to the EU - then called the European Economic Community (EEC) - the UK drastically reduced its capacity for negotiating trade deals, because Brussels bureaucrats negotiate deals for the whole EU.
"We have the smallest civil service since World War Two," Mr Fraser said, yet the challenge of unpicking the UK's ties to the EU would be "phenomenally complex".
Article 50 sets a two-year time-frame for leaving the EU, though it can be extended if the other member states agree to that.
Mr Fraser said the separate negotiation of the UK's future relationship with the EU was likely to last much longer.
Under EU rules, a member state cannot independently negotiate trade deals until it leaves the EU.
But Mr Fraser said "that doesn't mean the UK can't have preliminary discussions" about such deals, for example with Australia, India or the US.
Among the many uncertainties surrounding Brexit, Mr Fraser said, "one of the biggest concerns in the private sector is a loss of access to talent, in a knowledge economy".
Many analysts believe that UK withdrawal from the EU single market and tighter British immigration controls would make it harder to recruit specialists from EU countries, for example for the National Health Service and scientific research.
Mr Fraser said a Norway-style relationship with the EU - much-discussed in connection with Brexit - would be "inconsistent with the sovereignty argument" of the Brexit camp.
Norway enjoys the benefits of the EU single market, but pays a high price for it - paying into the EU budget and accepting most EU laws without having any vote on them.

The Briton will compete in the 5,000m and hopes to sign off with victory in what will be his indoor finale.
"I haven't thought about it before but it will be," said Farah, 33, who plans to focus on road racing after the outdoor World Championships in August.
"If I want to hang my spikes up after this summer then that will be it, and I'll move on to the roads."
Farah is looking to improve on a seventh-place finish at the Great Edinburgh Cross Country last month.
Jamaica's 100m and 200m Olympic gold medallist Elaine Thompson and 110m hurdles world record holder Aries Merritt of the USA are among the leading names in action.
Britain's Laura Muir (1,000m), Andrew Butchart (5,000m), Jazmin Sawyers (long jump), Richard Kilty (60m) and James Dasaolu (60m) will also line up in Birmingham, but sprinter Dina Asher-Smith has been ruled out with an ankle injury and heptathlete Katarina Johnson-Thompson has a hamstring strain.
The British athletes are preparing for next month's European Indoor Championships in Belgrade.
You can watch all the action from the Barclaycard Arena on BBC One from 13:15 GMT on Saturday, 18 February.

Councillors supported a recommendation to shut Angle, Stackpole and Orielton primary schools at an extraordinary meeting on Thursday.
Figures show the cost of running these are between 24% and 65% greater than the county average.
A new replacement school is likely to be built at Hundleton. A Welsh medium school is also set for Haverfordwest.
At the same meeting, councillors voted unanimously to establish a new school in Haverfordwest for children from 3 to 16.
While the exact location has yet to be decided, it will be Pembrokeshire's second Welsh medium secondary school.
St Davids councillor David Lloyd called it "a very important day for the Welsh language in Little England beyond Wales" - referring to the traditional nickname for parts of the county.

Scott Boden nodded the hosts in front on 35 minutes but Stewart Murdoch curled in a lovely equaliser early in the second half.
Simon Murray missed a glorious one-on-one chance for the Championship side.
However, the United striker slammed in the winning shoot-out penalty, with Greg Tansey and Ross Draper missing from the spot for the hosts.
United top Group C on seven points, one ahead of Dunfermline, who were 3-0 winners at Cowdenbeath.
Caley Thistle are now on four points and like the Pars have played a game less than the Tannadice team.
Richie Foran's side opened the scoring with a goal of real simplicity. Carl Tremarco took a throw-in near the corner flag, Gary Warren nodded on and Boden found space in the six yard box to head the ball home.
Before that Lewis Toshney was very unlucky for United, a late run to the back post was rewarded as he connected with Nick van der Velden's delivery but the ball clipped the crossbar and away.
United's response came immediately after half time, with Murray surging away on the right to find Blair Spittal, who laid the ball off to Murdoch and the midfielder curled a magnificent first time shot home.
Spittal tried for a quick-fire second but dragged a shot narrowly wide as United started the second period brilliantly.
Murray was then presented with a gift from Draper's loose pass on the edge of his penalty box. The striker dashed forward and clipped a shot beyond advancing keeper Cameron McKay but his effort slipped inches wide.
Boden went close to adding a second for the hosts before a Tansey free-kick was pushed away by Cammy Bell, who then saved Liam Polworth's low drive.
Neither side could find the winner with United slotting home all four of their spot-kicks to earn an extra point.
Match ends, Inverness CT 1(1), Dundee United 1(4).
Penalty Shootout ends, Inverness CT 1(1), Dundee United 1(4).
Goal!  Inverness CT 1(1), Dundee United 1(4). Simon Murray (Dundee United) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Penalty saved! Ross Draper (Inverness CT) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity,  right footed shot saved  in the bottom left corner.
Goal!  Inverness CT 1(1), Dundee United 1(3). Stewart Murdoch (Dundee United) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the centre of the goal.
Penalty saved! Greg Tansey (Inverness CT) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity,  right footed shot saved  in the bottom right corner.
Goal!  Inverness CT 1(1), Dundee United 1(2). Coll Donaldson (Dundee United) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Goal!  Inverness CT 1(1), Dundee United 1(1). Carl Tremarco (Inverness CT) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Goal!  Inverness CT 1, Dundee United 1(1). Tope Obadeyi (Dundee United) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Penalty Shootout begins Inverness CT 1, Dundee United 1.
Second Half ends, Inverness CT 1, Dundee United 1.
Attempt missed. David Raven (Inverness CT) header from the centre of the box is too high.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Billy King (Inverness CT) because of an injury.
Attempt missed. Cameron Smith (Dundee United) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.
Attempt missed. Alex Fisher (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is too high.
Jake Mulraney (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Sean Dillon (Dundee United).
Attempt missed. Tope Obadeyi (Dundee United) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right.
Greg Tansey (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Tope Obadeyi (Dundee United).
Attempt blocked. Tope Obadeyi (Dundee United) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Corner,  Inverness CT. Conceded by Mark Durnan.
Substitution, Inverness CT. Alex Fisher replaces Scott Boden.
Jake Mulraney (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Henri Anier (Dundee United).
Henri Anier (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Gary Warren (Inverness CT).
Attempt missed. Liam Polworth (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is too high.
Tope Obadeyi (Dundee United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Jake Mulraney (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Tope Obadeyi (Dundee United).
Mark Durnan (Dundee United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Scott Boden (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Mark Durnan (Dundee United).
Substitution, Dundee United. Henri Anier replaces Nick van der Velden.
Attempt saved. Liam Polworth (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Attempt saved. Greg Tansey (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Jake Mulraney (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Coll Donaldson (Dundee United).

1 March 2016 Last updated at 17:24 GMT
The simultaneous voting across a number of states became known as Super Tuesday in 1984.
In the majority of cases, candidates who have fared well in Super Tuesdays have traditionally gone on to contest the presidential election for their party.
Video produced by BBC Rewind

Work on the substation at Twineham, near Haywards Heath, West Sussex, will be followed by preparations for cabling across the South Downs National Park.
Energy firm E.On said offshore construction on the 116-turbine Rampion wind farm would begin early next year.
The number of turbines was cut from 175 to reduce the impact on the sea views.
The Â£1.3bn wind farm eight miles off the Sussex coast could produce enough electricity for about 300,000 homes and create up to 450 jobs.
E.On has said it would reduce CO2 emissions by up to 600,000 tonnes a year.
The turbines, between Peacehaven and Worthing, will be visible from beaches along the coast including at Brighton, and from the national park.
"This huge investment is a vote of confidence in the UK, creating local jobs, bringing business opportunities and providing clean, home-grown energy," said Energy and Climate Change Secretary Amber Rudd, MP for Hastings and Rye.
Construction of the wind farm is expected to be completed in 2018.

"I just want to ask the security personnel who fired pellets at me what my fault was," Miss Mushtaq says, as she stands by the same window she was sitting at when pellets blinded her.
She has been in and out of hospitals for the past three months in an attempt to regain her vision. Nothing has worked so far, but she remains hopeful.
Ms Mushtaq says she wanted to become a doctor before losing her vision. She brings out her text books to show me, and flips the pages though she cannot read them anymore. "I can only feel them now," she says tearfully.
Concern in Kashmir over police pellet guns
Photoshopped celebrities used for Kashmir pellet gun campaign
She also shows me a school photo identity card.
The continuing unrest in Indian-administered Kashmir has seen the deaths of 89 civilians with thousands injured.
India blames Pakistan for stirring up violence in the region, a charge that it denies. Both countries claim Kashmir in its entirety but only control parts of it.
The region has been a flashpoint for more than 60 years, sparking two wars between the countries.
Within the Muslim-majority territory, some militant groups have taken up arms to fight for independence from Indian rule or a merger with Pakistan.
And the widespread use of pellet guns to quell protests in recent months has led to more than a thousand people sustaining eye injuries.
Pellet guns - a form of shotgun - were first used by the police as a non-lethal weapon to quell protests in Indian-administered Kashmir in 2010. They are normally used for hunting animals.
The gun fires a cluster of small, round-shaped pellets, which resemble iron balls, at high velocity.
A pellet gun cartridge can contain up to 500 such pellets. When the cartridge explodes, the pellets disperse in all directions.
They are less lethal than bullets but can cause serious injuries, especially if they hit the eye.
Doctors treating pellet gun wounds in Kashmir told the Indian Express newspaper they were seeing "sharp and more irregular-shaped pellets" which were causing "more damage" this time.
Miss Mushtaq's family is struggling to come to terms with her injuries.
Her mother bursts into tears as a family member helps Ms Mushtaq don a scarf and sunglasses to hide her eyes and scarred face.
"If she was killed, I would have been able to overcome the grief but the sight of her blinded eyes kills me every day," her father says as he shows me pictures of her daughter in the hospital ICU.
As for Miss Mushtaq herself, she is trying to stay positive.
She greets every guest coming to enquire about her health with a smile, drinks her tea and tries to console her family members and relatives.
Later, she goes out for a walk with some of her relatives, smile still intact.
But, for her and many others like her, it is going to be a long and difficult road ahead.

The barrier is made of sand banks and water trenches.
It was announced last summer after 38 people were killed on a beach by a gunman said to have trained in Libya.
Tunisia's defence minister said the second phase of the project would involve installing electronic equipment with the help of Germany and the US.
Security forces said the defences - which aim to make the border impassable by vehicles - had already helped to reduce smuggling.
"Today we finished closing it off, and this will help us protect our border, and stop the threat," said Defence Minister Farhat Horchani on Saturday.
More than 3,000 Tunisians have left to fight with the Islamic State (IS) group and other Islamist militants in Syria and Iraq but Mr Horchani said many had since returned to join the group in Libya.
Libya has been beset by instability since the overthrow of former leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 and currently has two rival governments.
IS took control of Sirte, Gaddafi's hometown, last year.

The former Rangers and Sunderland boss, 70, announced in March he would be leaving Turkish side Fenerbahce at the end of this season.
Advocaat, who will be assisted by ex-Chelsea manager Ruud Gullit, replaces the sacked Danny Blind.
Blind lost his job after a 2-0 loss to Bulgaria left the Netherlands fourth in their World Cup qualifying group.
The team also failed to reach last summer's European Championships.
The Dutch Football Association (KNVB) confirmed the appointments of Advocaat and Gullit at a news conference on Tuesday.
In his previous spells as national team coach, Advocaat led the Netherlands to the 1994 World Cup quarter-finals and the semi-finals of Euro 2004.
Fenerbahce are third in the Super Lig, eight points behind leaders Besiktas, with four games to go.

The US economy added a better-than-expected 255,000 jobs in July, fuelling speculation that the Federal Reserve could increase interest rates before the end of the year.
The jobs figures also led to the yen weakening against the dollar, which helped shares in Japanese exporters.
In Tokyo, Japan's Nikkei 225 index closed 2.4% higher at 16,650.57.
Australia's ASX 200 index ended the day up 0.7% at 5,537.84. Shares in the mining sector were bolstered by strengthening iron ore prices, with Rio Tinto up 1.1% and BHP Billiton 2.2% higher.
In China, Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 1.6% to 22,494.76 while the mainland Shanghai Composite ended the day 0.9% higher at 3,004.28.
The gains came despite weaker-than-expected Chinese trade figures. The country's exports fell by 4.4% in July compared with a year earlier, which is a slight improvement over June's 4.8% drop but still worse than analysts had been expecting.
Imports were also weaker than estimated, down by 12.5%.
South Korea's benchmark Kospi index rose 0.65% to 2,031.12.

Part of the Broad Road was closed to traffic on Sunday at about 18:00 GMT.
The three adults and three children have been taken to Altnagelvin Hospital with non life-threatening injuries.
The Fire Service, Northern Ireland Ambulance Service and police attended the crash.
The Broad Road has since been reopened.

The Scots, who finished fourth at the round-robin stage, lost the 3 v 4 play-off 8-5 as Anna Hasselborg's Swedes reached Saturday's semi-final.
However, Sweden were beaten 9-3 by Russia, who had lost to Canada in Friday's 1 v 2 play-off.
Eve Muirhead's rink take on Sweden (03:00 BST) before Canada meet Russia in the final (08:00).
The Canadians led the standings at the end of the round-robin stage while Scotland beat Germany and Czech Republic on Thursday to clinch fourth place.
Click here to watch Scotland v Sweden on the BBC Sport website from 03:00 on Sunday.
Sweden 8-5 Scotland
Russia 9-3 Sweden
Canada 7-3 Russia
Canada 11-0 (qualified)
Russia 8-3 (qualified)
Sweden 8-3 (qualified)
Scotland 7-4 (qualified)
USA 6-5
Korea 5-6
Czech Republic 5-6
Switzerland 5-6
Germany 5-6
Italy 3-8
China 2-9
Denmark 1-10
Media playback is not supported on this device

The Panamanian government said it recognised there was "only one China" and considered Taiwan part of it.
Taiwan expressed "anger and regret", and accused Panama of "bullying".
China regards Taiwan as a breakaway province. A few countries maintain ties with Taipei instead of Beijing, and Panama is the latest to switch sides.
In December last year, the African island nation of Sao Tome and Principe made a similar move. Now only 20 countries have diplomatic relations with Taiwan.
In recent years China has intensified its economic investment into the Central American country - home of the economically vital Panama Canal.
Taiwan's foreign ministry said in a statement that it expressed "anger and regret" over what it called a "very unfriendly" diplomatic turn by Panama that "yielded to economic interests by the Beijing authorities".
It accused Panama of "bullying" Taiwan while "ignoring the many years of friendship" between the two countries, and added it would "not compete with the Beijing authorities for money diplomacy".
It was as recently as June last year that Taiwan's leader Tsai Ing-wen visited Panama, on her first overseas trip as president.
Following Panama's announcement, China's state media published photos of the two countries' foreign ministers in Beijing signing a document establishing diplomatic relations and toasting with champagne.
Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela said in a televised address that he was "convinced that this is the correct path for our country".
China's foreign ministry also released a statement (in Chinese) saying that "the Chinese government and its people highly appreciate and warmly welcome" the move by Panama.
The United Nations in 1971 switched diplomatic recognition to Beijing's People's Republic of China (PRC) and most countries have since followed that lead in order not to antagonise the resurging economic giant.
Many of Taipei's remaining backers are small island states or in Central and South America - regions that in the past had limited economic ties with China.
This is perhaps the biggest blow Taiwan has suffered since relations with Beijing began deteriorating last year.
Beijing's luring away of Panama is due to political rather than economic reasons. China could have continued investing in Panama without official ties.
Beijing has lost patience with Tsai Ing-wen, suspecting her of trying to wean Taiwan away from the mainland, economically and politically, with the aim of independence.
So China has raised the pressure, cutting off dialogue with Ms Tsai's administration and reducing the number of Chinese tourists visiting Taiwan. It's also keeping Taiwan out of international and regional groups.
Beijing's moves may strengthen anti-unification sentiment in Taiwan, but it sees not losing Taiwan as a crucial part of its national identity and seems willing to take this risk.
If the current stalemate continues, Taiwan risks further economic and political isolation.
Given China's rapid growth as an economic and political superpower, it has been increasingly easy for Beijing to sway countries to its side.
In the case of Sao Tome and Principe, Taiwan's foreign ministry condemned the move, alleging the island nation had demanded a huge amount of financial support.
Panama did not give any reason for changing its diplomatic allegiance but there has been growing economic co-operation with China in recent years.
Chinese companies are developing ports in Panama, and Chinese state firms are said to have expressed interest in developing the land around the Panama Canal once the country opens a tender for it later this year.
The Panama Canal is a vital shipping route. As China expands its global trade ambitions with its One Belt One Road infrastructure-building initiative, access to the eastern coasts of both South America and the US is expected to be of growing importance for Beijing.
The switch by Panama leaves Taiwan with a handful of nations with whom it has diplomatic ties. They are:

Nurul Islam, 32, was wearing his school sweatshirt, which all have surnames on, outside the Coach and Horses in Newgate Street, near Hertford, on Friday.
A member of staff said it was upsetting people after the Nice attack, he said.
A police hate crime officer is investigating what happened. The pub would not comment.
The technology teacher was waiting for a group of pupils from The Thomas Alleyne Academy, in Stevenage, Hertfordshire, who were on a Duke of Edinburgh assignment.
More news from Hertfordshire
The pub was the agreed meeting point.
"A staff member came outside and asked if I could I take off my jumper because it was making some customers feel uncomfortable 'after what happened last night'," Mr Islam said.
"I didn't know quite what to say, and at first I didn't link what he'd said with the lorry attack in France, but when it sank in I was shocked."
He went back to his car, leaving another teacher to wait for the pupils.
"I was being discriminated against because of my surname so I was left really upset after the incident.
"We all have surnames on the backs of our hoodies, which is the responsible thing to do."
Mr Islam added: "I'm not a practising Muslim but I am a Muslim.
"It makes me feel terrible that my name is the cause of such contention when all it means is peace.
"If I had the word 'peace' on there, would he still have asked me to leave?"
Miqdaad Versi, the assistant secretary-general of the Muslim Council of Britain said: "It's shocking and very worrying to see this growth in Islamophobia and bigotry.
"We need to really move beyond this, and the problem that we're facing is this type of attitude seems to be getting more prevalent in society and more socially acceptable."
Hertfordshire Police said: "A specialist hate crime officer is investigating to establish whether offences have been committed."

Hammersmith and Fulham Council approved the plans in January to demolish the current 41,600-capacity Stamford Bridge stadium.
The mayor has the final say on major planning applications in London.
Earlier, Sadiq Khan said the "high quality and spectacular design" would add to the capital's "fantastic array of sporting arenas".
He continued: "Having taken a balanced view of the application, I'm satisfied this is a high-quality and spectacular design which will significantly increase capacity within the existing site, as well as ensuring fans can have easy access from nearby transport connections.
"I'm confident this new stadium will be a jewel in London's sporting crown and will attract visitors and football fans from around the world."
The plans include an elevated walkway from Fulham Broadway station, plus a £12m investment from the club in community activities, such as employment and skills training, as well as a contribution of £3.75m towards affordable housing in the borough.
Chelsea FC said it was "delighted" with the decision.
"Following a review by mayor of London Sadiq Khan, we are delighted he has chosen to support the council's decision."
Trizia Fiorellino, chair of the Chelsea Supporters Group, said: "It's obviously fantastic news for us. Spurs have got a new stadium, West Ham have got a new one, we were in danger of being left behind - but this is great news for Chelsea fans."
The new stadium has been designed by architects Herzog and de Meuron, who were also responsible for the "Birds Nest" Olympic stadium in Beijing.
Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has long wanted to increase match-day capacity.
In 2011, the club lost a vote to buy the freehold of Stamford Bridge from Chelsea Pitch Owners (CPO) - a group owned largely by supporters to ensure the ground cannot be sold for development without its agreement.
Mr Abramovich was then thwarted in 2012 in his attempt to redevelop Battersea Power Station for a new stadium, losing out to property developers now building luxury apartments on the site.
The BBC understands Chelsea is in negotiations with the FA to play fixtures at Wembley Stadium while the development work is being carried out.
Twickenham Stadium was mooted, but the Rugby Football Union (RFU) has since ruled it out due, the BBC understands, to concerns over the practicalities of hosting football fixtures.

The wild bird was found on Moseley New Pool at Swanshurst Park, Swanshurst Lane, Moseley, by a passer-by.
It was taken to the RSPCA Birmingham Animal Hospital for emergency treatment.  Vets said it was expected to make a full recovery.
The bird is now recovering and the charity has appealed for witnesses to the attack on Saturday to come forward.
More stories from Birmingham and the Black Country
Insp Boris Lasserre said: "The bolt has gone right through the lower part of the goose's head. Incredibly he was still alive.
"He was taken to the RSPCA Birmingham Animal Hospital for treatment and X-rays to establish the damage that has been caused by the bolt and the safest way to remove it.
"This poor bird was the victim of a mindless cruelty. It beggars belief that someone would get enjoyment out of doing something like this."

The plans will see Coleg Menai's campus at Llangefni expanded to develop a specialist technology and energy centre, and an engineering site.
The college also wants to set up business "incubator" units.
The new Wylfa Newydd nuclear plant will need 8,500 construction workers and a 1,000 station staff when built.
As well as plans for Horizon's replacement nuclear station on the island, there are renewable energy projects and the whole of Anglesey is an enterprise zone.
The Anglesey Energy Island strategy aims to bring in 2,500 new jobs and £2.3bn of investment over 15 years.
The college is part of Grŵp Llandrillo Menai - Wales' largest further education institution -  which also includes Coleg Llandrillo in Conwy and Coleg Meirion-Dwyfor in Gwynedd.
Group chief executive Glyn Jones told BBC Wales it was working closely with the Horizon project on Wylfa.
It is hoped local people will make up at least 20% of the construction workforce.
"We already have engineering and construction courses in Rhos-on-Sea, Rhyl, Dolgellau, Bangor and Llangefni - but we need to expand Llangefni," said Mr Jones.
"This is going to be a massive project - the equivalent of the London 2012 Olympic village - and this could cause a big displacement from across local employers."

A village at Rendlesham in Suffolk, which would have included a royal hall, was mentioned by the historian the Venerable Bede in the 8th Century.
Suffolk's county archaeologists have been studying a 120-acre (50 hectare) area about 5 miles (8km) from the Sutton Hoo burial site.
An exhibition of some of the coins and jewellery will open this week.
Sutton Hoo contained a burial ship full of treasures under a burial mound.
It was believed to be the grave of King Raedwald, who ruled East Anglia (modern-day Norfolk and Suffolk) and was buried in about AD625.
The Venerable Bede mentioned the "king's village" at "Rendlaesham" in his 8th Century book An Ecclesiastical History of the English People.
Angus Wainwright, archaeologist with the National Trust which owns Sutton Hoo, said: "It's very likely it's King Raedwald's palace and maybe where his descendents lived as well because it's got a longer life than Sutton Hoo.
"Whereas Sutton Hoo is all about death, this village site is about what craftsmen and ordinary people were getting up to in their daily lives."
Prof Christopher Scull, of Cardiff University and University College London and a member of the study team, said: "The survey has identified a site of national and indeed international importance for the understanding of the Anglo-Saxon elite.
"The quality of some of the metalwork leaves no doubt it was made for and used by the highest ranks of society."
Experts believe the king's hall in the timber village would have been about the size of a modern large detached house.
The studies began in 2008 after the owner of the land in Rendlesham alerted Suffolk County Council to illegal looting by people with metal detectors.
The exhibition takes place at the Sutton Hoo Visitor Centre near Woodbridge from 15 March to 31 October.

Previously employed as a domestic worker in Hong Kong, she became interested in photography as a way of recording her fellow workers' lives - and the abuses they were subjected to.
Ms Bacani tells her story to BBC 100 Women.
100 Women 2015
This year's season features two weeks of inspirational stories about the BBC's 100 Women this year and others who are defying stereotypes around the world.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Instagram using the hashtag #100Women. Listen to the programmes here.

Media playback is not supported on this device
Allardyce stood down from the England role in September after only 67 days in charge, following a newspaper sting.
The Football Association is yet to receive full disclosure of the Telegraph's 10-month investigation into football corruption.
The newspaper passed on its evidence to the City of London Police first.
Allardyce has been told by police that he will not face any criminal investigation - but there remains the possibility of an FA disciplinary process, once the organisation is given access to all the evidence.
BBC Sport understands Palace - and chairman Steve Parish - are relaxed about the situation and would deal with it if necessary in the future.
"Moving on for me is taking this job," said Allardyce, who replaced the sacked Alan Pardew on Friday.
Media playback is not supported on this device
The former Bolton, Blackburn, Newcastle, West Ham and Sunderland boss takes charge of his first game for the struggling Eagles against Watford on Boxing Day (12:30 GMT) - with a remit of keeping his new club in the Premier League.
He told Sky Sports: "The first four weeks was something that was one of the darkest moments in my career, certainly the early reaction which was a bit hysterical to say the least, looking back on it.
"I'm talking about me and my wife and my family, we all had to deal with that problem - my children, my grandchildren at school.
"But eventually time passes by, you overcome those adversities and you move on."
Allardyce left the FA by mutual agreement after only one match in charge of the national side, following a Daily Telegraph investigation claiming he offered advice on how to "get around" rules on player transfers.
The FA said Allardyce's conduct "was inappropriate". The 62-year-old did apologise but also said "entrapment had won".
Allardyce had been appointed England manager after saving Sunderland from relegation last season, while his new side Palace are 17th - one point outside of the relegation zone after a run of one win in 11 games.
"You've got to do it, it's part of the quick process to try to turn around a difficult situation at the moment," he added.
"It's not as difficult as the position Sunderland were in."
Media playback is not supported on this device

The bus was connected to the Dervock Young Defenders flute band.
Police said the fire, outside an Orange hall on the Carncullagh Road, was reported to them at about 05:30 BST on Friday.  It is being treated as a hate crime.
It is understood the flute band's instruments and other equipment were on the vehicle.
"The cause of the fire is being investigated and we are appealing for witnesses to come forward," Insp Michael McDonnell said.
DUP assembly member Mervyn Storey said he had spoken to police about the incident.
"If this was arson I would appeal for full cooperation with the police and that there is no retaliation," he said.
"Regrettably there are a small element of individuals who are determined to spread sectarian hatred."
Earlier, Ulster Unionist councillor Darryl Wilson said he believed it was an arson attack and that "thousands of pounds worth of instruments and pieces of equipment" had been destroyed as a result.
"The bus was used by the wider community, it was used by the youth development programme in the village, it was used by a number of other organisations within the village," he added.
"The community relied on this bus, it was the community who fought hard for the bus and gathered up funds for the bus over a number of years so it will be a devastating loss to not only the band but the entire community.
"This was not only an attack on the band, but an attack on the entire village as the bus was utilised by the community on many occasions throughout the year."
Ray Laverty of the flute band expressed his sadness at what had happened and believed a number of drums he used had been destroyed.
"To me, I have lost a huge chunk of my heart," he added.
The Orange Order has condemned the attack and said those responsible had "nothing to offer society - only turmoil and discord".

The magic lantern slides were photographed by William Nowell and found during a recent loft clearance.
Auctioneer Graham Paddison said: "It is the extraordinary contrast in this set of 30 photographs that is so unusual."
Mr Paddison, of auctioneers Dee Atkinson & Harrison, said the pictures showed the gulf between rich and poor in late Victorian England.
For more stories about Victorian England follow our Pinterest board
Mr Nowell was the manager of the Great Northern Steamship Fishing Company and a keen photographer.  He shot the images between 1895 and 1902.
They were found in a house in Hessle, East Yorkshire, belonging to Mr Nowell's great-grandson.
The auction is to be held in Driffield on 30 September.

Curle's side played most of the second half of the 1-0 loss without goalkeeper Mark Gillespie who was sent off for a professional foul on Tom Elliott.
"What gets managers frustrated is when there's an incident and you ask the linesman what he saw," Curle said.
"The stock answer is 'I didn't see it'. You're thinking if you didn't see it, it means you're not paying attention."
It is the second time in a week that Curle has been critical of a refereeing decision after Jabo Ibehre was sent off after 34 seconds by Jeremy Simpson against Accrington, a decision that was ultimately overturned.
Following that match, Simpson took charge of Bolton's 1-1 draw with QPR in the Championship.
"As a reward, the referee [Darren Deadman] will be refereeing in the Championship next week as we had last week when, in my professional management opinion, that referee [Simpson] had a disappointing display and he was rewarded with a Championship fixture," Curle told BBC Radio Cumbria.
"If we think it is a genuine sending off then we will say the referee is right and we hope he enjoys his fixture in the Championship."
Curle admitted he could be in trouble for voicing his complaints about Deadman, but said it would be a waste of time time discuss his issues with him.
"I've been told by the referee that he's going to report me because he asked me to go into his office to talk," Curle added.
"I said we've got a six-hour coach journey and I don't want to waste the amount of time that it would take to discuss that amount of mistakes. I don't want a six-hour journey to turn into an eight-hour journey."

"Dear guest, welcome to UAE."
For centuries, the sprawling savannah in the Arusha region of the East African nation was home to the Maasai people, but these days it can feel more like Dubai, one of the states that make up the UAE.
That is because this chunk of land in Arusha's Loliondo area near the Serengeti National Park has been leased to an Emirati hunting company called the Ortello Business Corporation (OBC).
Since 1992, OBC has flown in wealthy clients to shoot lions and leopards, angering nomadic Maasai cattle herders who are blocked from pastures in the hunting grounds.
Now, Tanzania's government wants to give more land to the hunters by establishing a 1,500 sq km (579 sq mile) wildlife corridor exclusively for OBC.
The plan would displace about 30,000 people and affect tens of thousands more who graze cattle there in the dry season.
The Maasai have erupted in protest, saying their livelihoods will be destroyed. More than 90% of Loliondo's Maasai depend on rearing livestock on seasonal grasses there.
"Without land we cannot live," said Naishirita Tenemeri, a mother of three.
Ms Tenemeri raises cows and goats in Loliondo to pay for food and her children's schooling.
The Maasai have a history of losing their land in Tanzania since the British moved them from the Serengeti in 1959.
The former coloniser guaranteed future land rights, but post-independence governments further restricted grazing rights and the latest proposal would remove almost 40% of Loliondo's highland prairie and forested mountains.
Earlier this month, Ms Tenemeri, wrapped in a traditional red-checked blanket known as a shuka, joined 1,000 people, mostly women, under thorny acacia trees at Olorien village to protest at the plans.
Some walked for days for the chance to show their anger by publicly giving up their membership cards for Tanzania's ruling party, Chama Cha Mapinduzi (CCM).
"If I have no land then I have no place to deliver my children," said Morkelekei Gume, as she tossed her CCM card to the ground.
"My son is in secondary school because of the grass from here.
"If they need my land they can kill me."
The women have been so outspoken because they bear the worst of the evictions, left jobless to care for children while the men move to cities, where many find work as security guards.
They have also led the protests since local politicians, who had said they backed the campaign against the wildlife corridor, later refused to resign from the party as they had promised to do.
The women's outcry spurred the deputy secretary general of the CCM to trek all the way to Olorien, a collection of huts eight hours by four-wheel-drive from the region's main city of Arusha.
CCM officials then denounced the planned corridor, but the ministry of tourism, and by extension Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete, stands firm.
Mr Kikwete, who will stand down at the next election, in 2015, after two terms in office, has tried for almost a decade to give more land to OBC.
During a 2009 drought, he sent national police to help OBC block herders from a vital water source metres away from the company's current hunting ground.
The Maasai say more than half of their cattle died as a result.
Isaac Mollel, the executive directive of OBC's Tanzania branch, says people are only blocked from water resources during the July to December hunting season - which coincides with the dry season.
"If there is hunting going on, it is going to be dangerous if someone comes around and grazes," he said.
For John Moina, who exports cattle from Loliondo to Kenya, Mr Kikwete's message was clear.
"The government is saying OBC is better than citizens of Tanzania," he said.
But Mr Kikwete's government can earn more income in Loliondo from tourism through OBC - which has catered for English royalty like Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, and the UAE royal family - than livestock.
And Loliondo is ideal for developing tourism.
It is rich in game with few visitors, and borders the Serengeti, Kenya's Maasai Mara National Park, and the Ngorongoro Conservation Area.
Tourism Minister Khamis Kagasheki defends the evictions, saying the project will promote conservation as the Maasai are exhausting the land.
"These 1,500 sq km are a crucial breeding area for wildlife, a corridor for the iconic great migration of wildebeest, and a critical water catchment area," he said in a press release.
However, academics say the Maasai barely affect wildlife.
"I would question those who say that the Maasai create more of a threat to wildlife than the hunting OBC is doing," said Benjamin Gardner of the University of Washington, who has studied Maasai land issues for two decades.
The Maasai rarely hunt, and use the corridor's highlands to avoid wildebeest that give birth in the lowlands and can spread disease to cattle.
If Loliondo's 66,000 Maasai plus their livestock are hemmed into only 2,500 sq km, they may overstress land and wildlife.
"There is no big drought now," said Samwel Nangiria, who heads a group of Maasai non-governmental organisations called NGO Network.
"But if they get the corridor it is going to affect twice as many people as 2009."
Regardless, Mr Kagasheki has vigorously defended the government's right to appropriate the land, accusing the Maasai of living in Loliondo illegally and blaming the unrest on foreign-funded groups.
OBC too points the finger at NGOs and says it has invested in the area over the last 20 years, digging five boreholes, building classrooms and a hospital.
"The people communicating for the Maasai are not the Maasai themselves. They make sure that [there is] no clear understanding between the investors and the indigenous people of Loliondo," Mr Mollel says.
In fact, he says their current five-year concession was supposed to allow them access to the whole of the 4,000 sq km Loliondo area - so the smaller corridor is actually a concession to the Maasai.
He also says that, in the government's eyes, the Maasai do not own the land, and it will help protect a drought-prone area.
Thirteen civil society groups from across Tanzania said in a statement that the Maasai do have title deeds for the corridor and the government is "going out of its ways to deliberately mislead the public".
Maasai representatives plan to take the government to court over the corridor, but fear this may not lead to a quick resolution of the problem as a case from 2009 remains unheard.
Mr Nangiria believes there has been deliberate administrative blocking of their legal action as it is a constitutional case which requires three judges, but there is only one judge in Arusha and the other judges have yet to be sent for.
"The government should stop interfering with the judiciary," the civil society groups said in a statement.
So the women under the acacia trees may be running out of options.
"Our government is taking us from our land," said Paulina Leysa to a group of fellow protesters.
"We are crying to anyone who can help."
The BBC's Erick Nampesya in Dar es Salaam contributed to this report.

The whale was first seen on Monday off the coast of Kaikoura on the north-east coast of South Island.
It was not clear how it came to lose its flukes, said local Department of Conservation ranger Mike Morrissey, but "it could have been the result of entanglement" in fishing nets.
But despite what looks like a severe injury, the whale seemed to be doing fine, he told the BBC.
"It appeared to be in good health and it's bending in the water and using its pectoral fins to spin around," Mr Morrissey said.
Whales are sometimes caught in fishing gear, which can injure or kill them.
The tears appear to have happened at least a year ago, Mr Morrissey added, as the images show little sign of open wounds.
"This is a young whale and it has healed up. It doesn't seem to have affected it much at all," he said.
It is the first time anyone in the area has seen a whale like it, he added, but he held out hope it might return.
"If it's migrating, then we'll see it again," he said.
Humpback whales have begun their annual migration from Antarctic feeding grounds to breeding grounds in the South Pacific.
Anyone who spots the whale is asked to report it to the Department of Conservation on +64 800 36 24 68, so it can can be tracked.

The median time between a breach and its discovery was 520 days, it says. That is three times the global average.
Asia was also 80% more likely to be targeted by hackers than other parts of the world, the report said.
It said an average of 3.7GB in data had been stolen in each attack, which could be tens of thousands of documents.
However, the bulk of the incidents were not made public because the region lacks breach disclosure laws.
Grady Summers, the chief technology officer of Mandiant's parent company, FireEye, said the findings were "very concerning".
"We knew responses to cyber-incidents here in Asia often lag those elsewhere, but we didn't know it was by this much," he told the BBC.
As part of the study, Mandiant hacked into one organisation's network with its permission to see how vulnerable it was.
"Within three days we had the keys to the kingdom," Mr Summers said. "If an expert group of hackers can do the same in three days, imagine what can they do in 520 days."
National threat
Mandiant has published a global security report for the past six years, but this is the first time it has focused on Asia.
The report is based on the company's investigations last year, each of which analyzed an average of 22,000 machines.
Leaving breaches undiscovered or unreported for too long can ultimately compromise a country's economic competitiveness or national security, Mandiant warns.
Hackers could take over key infrastructure such as power stations, which happened in the Ukraine, and potentially even transport systems in so-called smart cities.
On a consumer level, personal information can be used for fraudulent purposes. More than 500 million digital identities were stolen or exposed last year, an earlier report by security company Symantec suggests.
"Threats to corporate data are now a critical business concern for nearly every company," said Richard Fenning, chief executive of Control Risks, another security company.
"Hackers, whether malevolent teenagers or malicious states, are the leading disrupters of our age. [There's] no simple, single fix.
"Technology can help, but we must also shift how we think about digital security and have nimble leadership when the near-inevitable breach occurs."
State-sponsored attacks
Mandiant suggests that the bulk of cyber-attacks in Asia are state-sponsored and target areas with heightened geopolitical tensions, such as the South China Sea.
Governments, financial institutions, energy, education research, healthcare, aerospace and defence had "long been a favourite target" of hackers who look to either destroy or use the stolen material for extortion, it said.
There had been a decrease in the number of attacks in the US and western Europe by Chinese hackers, Mr Summers added, because China seemed to be refocusing its efforts to other parts of Asia.
Asian organisations were ill-equipped to defend their networks from attackers because "they frequently lack basic response processes and plans, threat intelligence, technology and expertise", Mr Summers said.
"They're not doing enough," he said.
"But they're starting to wake up to the reality of the threats.
"In the US, we were going through this realisation 10 years ago, so we have a head start."

New figures from the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs show that between July and September the number of GB applications rose by 96%.
There were 3,431 applications in September 2015, compared to 7,518 in September 2016.
Year-on-year applications from Northern Ireland have also risen since the vote.
They have increased by two-thirds in the three months since the Brexit decision.
In terms of numbers, there have been 15,757 applications from people in Northern Ireland since July, compared 9,401 in the same period last year.
The Northern Ireland-only figures show demand was strongest at the end of the summer:
In Great Britain, the trend has been upwards over the past three months:
There have been 21,549 Irish passport applications from people in Great Britain since July, compared 10,959 in the same period last year.

Entrance tests for the county's grammars "understate the true academic abilities" of poorer children, says the Education Datalab report.
The "heavily" selective county will be a useful case study if grammars are rolled out nationally, says the study.
Kent County Council said it was working to boost social mobility in grammars.
Ministers have announced plans for a new generation of grammar schools in England by 2020.
"We want to see more children from disadvantaged families get into grammars," said Education Secretary Justine Greening in a speech last month.
But Education Datalab's analysis suggests the selection process in Kent does not always identify "the most academically capable children".
The report uses data for children who sat the 11-plus in 2015, obtained under Freedom of Information law by Kent Education Network, which opposes selective education.
The figures show 12% of free school meals pupils passed the test in 2015, compared with 30% of their better off classmates.
Kent primary schools are "explicitly asked not to prepare their pupils" for the 11-plus tests, say the authors, and this favours children whose parents can pay for private schools or tutoring.
Free school meals pupils fare worst in the verbal and spatial reasoning paper, which is not part of the national curriculum, say the authors.
The study identifies a difference between the scores of pupils on free school meals and those of their classmates of:
"With only around one in four children getting into grammar school, and with the odds stacked against those from poorer backgrounds, securing access to a grammar school in Kent is like rolling a loaded dice," said lead author Rebecca Allen.
The authors say the attainment gap is greater in the Kent 11-plus than in the national assessment tests taken by all state school pupils at the end of primary school.
Their recommendations include:
They also suggest that the entrance system could be simplified by removing head teacher panels that can decide to admit children who have narrowly failed the test.
And they urge Kent County Council to admit the tests sometimes "misclassify" children, adding that, along with their children's marks, parents should be told the odds these scores might be wrong.
This is particularly crucial for children on the borderline where gaining or losing a single mark could determine whether they go to grammar school or not, say the authors.
Patrick Leeson, Kent County Council's corporate director for education, said the council had begun to implement a series of recommendations in a report last June and there had already been a small increase in the number of children from low-income families gaining grammar places.
"But we recognise that there is still more to be done," he said.
"We are working to improve education for all children in Kent, which includes ensuring that students from any background can attend grammar schools and benefit from a selective education if that is the right choice for them."
Jim Skinner, chief executive of the Grammar School Heads' Association, said the organisation was "fully supportive of primary schools doing preparation with pupils, which is proven to boost the pass rate among children from poorer families".
But he said he found other recommendations, in particular the removal of head teacher panels "most puzzling" and suggested the report authors were "looking to make a case against selection".

The charity saw lifeboats at its 30 stations across Wales launch 1,175 times in 2016, an 11% rise on the previous year.
Mumbles RNLI in Swansea was the busiest station for the second year running, with 83 launches.
RNLI lifeguards also had a busy year, responding to 1,271 incidents across 39 patrolled beaches.
Matt Crofts, RNLI lifesaving manager, said the charity was "extremely grateful for the dedication show by its lifesavers" who spent almost 28,000 hours at sea last year.
"But we really do see our rescue service as a last resort," he said.
The 2016 Wales figures also showed:
The latest figures came as the charity celebrated the official opening of a new visitor centre in Vale of Glamorgan.
The Barry Island venue claims to be the first of its kind in the UK, focusing on drowning prevention.
The RNLI hopes to help teach 30,000 visitors a year about water safety, using bespoke interactive exhibitions.
It is part of the charity's bid to cut drowning deaths in Britain by 50% by 2024.

American Spieth shot a three-under-par 68 to move three under for the tournament and into a share of third place in Sydney.
Jones followed his first-round 67 with a 68 to open up a three-shot advantage over fellow Australian Todd Sinnott.
Northern Ireland's Darren Clarke trails Jones by seven strokes after carding a four-under-par 67 to move to level.
Englishman Lee Westwood is also at level par after a one-over 72 at the Australian Golf Club, while last-placed China's Weiyu Zhu followed his opening-round 92 with an 85 to close on 35 over par.
Spieth, 22, started the day five shots behind overnight leader Lincoln Tighe, whose two-over 73 saw him slip to joint third in a five-strong group also featuring Belgian Nicolas Colsaerts and Australians Geoff Ogilvy and Aron Price.
Aiming for his sixth Tour victory of the year and defending the title he won by six strokes last season, Spieth shot five birdies but struggled late on with bogies on the 15th and 16th.
"It's frustrating," he said. "I was striking the ball well, but you don't see this much cross winds on golf courses. It is tough to deal with."

Every mayor has attempted to take them over.
Ken Livingstone grabbed the failing Silverlink franchise and turned it into the Overground, while Boris Johnson took over West Anglia.
In both cases the business model was changed to what's called a concession, which means Transport for London (TfL) pays an operator to deliver a service but keeps the fare box and sets the fares, like the Docklands Light Railway.
Broadly, the service and passenger experience has improved - although some who use West Anglia have complained to me about the service there - and passenger numbers have increased with a more reliable Metro service.
Now the current mayor Sadiq Khan wants to push on and take over the suburban routes.
The timetable is tight, TfL would have to be in a position to takeover Southeastern by 2018.
The Department of Transport had been very keen on the idea, but there seems to have been a cooling on rail devolution.
Conservative mayor Boris Johnson only managed to get one franchise in eight years and that was with friends in government.
There are other challenges as well. Network Rail will still own and operate the infrastructure and many of the routes like South Western ones into Waterloo are at capacity.
So, would TfL make a big difference on those lines?
There's also the thorny question of TfL running services outside the boundary of London, although there is precedent in Watford and Hertfordshire with the Metropolitan Line.
But none of it is straight forward and the politics could very easily get in the way.

Emma Louise Baum, 22, was found with a least 20 injuries to her head at her home in Penygroes, Gwynedd, in July.
David Davies, 25, from Clynnog near Caernarfon, has pleaded guilty to her murder.
But Mold Crown Court heard he denies using a knife in the attack or that he took a weapon to the house.
Giving evidence at a special Newton hearing to establish the facts behind the killing, Davies said he used a crowbar left on a rabbit hutch at Ms Baum's home to carry out the fatal attack.
He told the court he had a volatile relationship with his former partner, they argued regularly when they had been together, and had begun "growing apart".
Davies said he could not sleep on the night of the attack and drove to Penygroes at 02:00 in the morning.
He rang Ms Baum and was invited into the house.
But he told the hearing that they started bickering over access to his son who lived with Ms Baum.
He broke down as he told the court: "She said he wasn't mine."
"I was shocked and thought she just said it in the spur of the moment."
Davies said he called her "something along the lines of manipulative whore" and she "gave me a sock across the face".
"That was when I got the crowbar from the rabbit hutch," he added.
Asked what happened next, Davies replied: "I don't know, I don't really remember it."
He said he accepted he was responsible for the fatal injuries inflicted, but asked did he mean to kill her, he said "No".
Davies said he later disposed of the crowbar in the Afonwen river, after going for a walk on a beach near Pwllheli.
He denied previously assaulting Ms Baum or threatening her.
Questioned on how he felt about his actions, he said he was "ashamed with myself for what I have done".
Pressed again by the prosecution, he told the court: "I had no intention of hurting her."
Told he was lying, he replied: "That's your opinion.
"All I remember was walking out with the crowbar to the car... I didn't know I'd killed her. I knew I'd hurt her - but I didn't know she was dead.
"I was angry, I just wanted to get from there.
"I'll deserve what I get."
All evidence in the case has now been heard, and the judge will rule on his findings on Thursday.

Street prostitution in Nottingham has decreased by 80% over the past decade, police say, but they believe there has been an increase in off-street work.
Nottinghamshire Police has said a law change would allow officers to arrest clients approaching sex workers in private premises.
But a group representing sex workers said it would make work more dangerous.
Current legislation makes it an offence to solicit a person for obtaining sexual services in a public street.
However, Sgt Neil Radford, the head of Nottingham's prostitution task force, said: "On the street, the law allows you to deal with people who are purchasing sex.
"But there is no equivalent legislation for off-street work. If somebody goes into a brothel to purchase sex, it is possible he isn't committing any offence at all.
"That's wrong and we have to be able to do something about it."
Sgt Radford also claimed such a law change would help reduce the demand for trafficked women and children.
However, the English Prostitution Collective, an organisation of sex workers, said: "We are appalled that the best the police can come up with is a proposal to increase criminalisation.
"These proposals will further divert police time and resources from investigating rape, trafficking and other violent crimes to policing consenting sex.
"Criminalising clients will not stop prostitution, nor will it stop the criminalisation of women. But it will make it more dangerous and stigmatising for sex workers.
"Sex workers on the street and in premises will find it harder to screen clients who will want to remain anonymous because of fear of arrest."
She added the group was campaigning for decriminalisation so sex workers could report violence without fear of being arrested.
1,000
women in the city sell sex online
4 successful convictions for rape on street sex workers
0 convictions for attacks on prostitutes working off street
Nottingham charity POW, which supports sex workers, said there are more than 400 adverts online offering off-street sex in the city.
Daniela Scotece, the charity's chief executive, said: "The internet is the fastest-growing outlet offering sex for sale.
"There are concerns there are safety implications with this. If somebody is working from the street and they see somebody they don't like the look of, they get the chance to walk away.
"But if they are just opening the door to somebody, that risk assessment procedure is gone."
For more on this subject, watch Inside Out on BBC One East Midlands at 19:30 on Monday 26 October and nationwide for 30 days thereafter on the iPlayer.

Cole, 35, is free to join former England team-mate Steven Gerrard after his contract with the Italian club was terminated by mutual consent.
The ex-Chelsea and Arsenal left-back joined the Serie A side in July 2014 and made 16 appearances.
Capped 107 times, Cole has won three Premier Leagues, seven FA Cups, one Champions League and one Europa League.
Roma sacked manager Rudi Garcia on 13 January after a poor run of just one win since the beginning of November.
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.

Marcelle O'Brien was sent to a home in Pinjarra, western Australia, run by the Fairbridge Society, at the age of four.
The then-Queen, wife of George VI, later intervened to ask whether she could return to the UK to be adopted.
But Fairbridge said it would not be in her "best interests", the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse heard.
Mrs O'Brien said she suffered "mental cruelty" and "sadistic" treatment at the home where she was forced to do "slave labour".
She was molested by her school's deputy principal and caned, the hearing was told.
The abuse scandal of the British children sent abroad
'Name the villains', abuse inquiry told
How will the inquiry work?
The inquiry, which covers England and Wales, heard Ms O'Brien had lived in a "loving and caring" home with a foster mother in Lingfield, Surrey, immediately before being sent abroad.
The foster mother later wrote to the Queen in an effort to get Ms O'Brien back to the UK so she could adopt her, the inquiry was told.
Subsequent correspondence between the Queen's Lady in Waiting and the Fairbridge Society was read out at the hearing.
A letter from the society to the Queen's Lady in Waiting said Ms O 'Brien was "happily settled at our school in Pinjarra - and which Her Majesty may remember visiting in 1928".
It went on to say Ms O 'Brien had many friends and to uproot her would "not be in the child's best interests".
The palace was apparently reassured by the Fairbridge response.
A letter from the Lady in Waiting to the society said "the Queen was pleased to hear" that it was considered to be in Ms O'Brien's interests to remain at the school.
Ms O'Brien told the inquiry panel: "They didn't take any notice. The Royal Family just didn't want to know anything. They stopped you from going back to your own original home."
Analysis by Tom Symonds, home affairs correspondent
After the tortured two-and-a half-year birth of this inquiry, it has been hard to remember the reason it was set up: namely, to allow victims of sexual abuse the opportunity to give their accounts.
The hurt and anger with which British child migrant Marcelle O'Brien has been left was plain to see.  Much of the inquiry's detailed work is being done out of the public eye, so occasions like this are significant.
It was also clear that the inquiry is interested in links between child abuse and power.
The Fairbridge Society, in whose care Marcelle was trusted, had royal and establishment supporters.  The evidence shows it was prepared to discredit the birth parents of its children.
But the names of the Fairbridge deputy principal that Marcelle O'Brien says indecently assaulted her, and the "cottage mother" who treated her so badly were not given, despite calls for the "guilty to be named".
This is not a court.  The inquiry has no powers of prosecution, only the remit to make "findings of fact".
It is trying to avoid reaching conclusions about wrongdoing by individuals, unless they are required to show wrongdoing by institutions.
But that will not satisfy some of its critics.
The inquiry later heard from a 70-year-old British man who was sent to live at an Australian "farm school", where he was repeatedly sexually abused and raped.
Giving evidence anonymously, he said he was targeted by a group of older boys who would drag him into the bathroom or into scrub land and "make you do what they wanted you to".
He was also sexually abused by a priest and told the panel: "When he attacked you it was when you got dressed for the choir, he would make sure you were on your own and that's when he would attack you or abuse you."
The witness lives on his own and says the sexual abuse has made it difficult for him to build relationships with women.
"I've had to live with this for 62 years now. I live it 7 days a week, 24 hours a day.  But you can't get it out of your mind because it's imprinted on your mind.  There's no way you can get away from it," he said.
Another witness, Peter Bagshaw, told the inquiry he had been sexually abused both at homes in England and after he was migrated.
In Australia, he was sexually abused by a large man "who could easily beat me up if he wanted" and he felt powerless to do anything because "I was in a strange country and knew nobody," the panel heard.
"I still feel angry and disgusted that any kid would be put through that," his statement said.
The first phase of the child sexual abuse inquiry is looking at the way organisations have protected children outside the UK.
Between 7,000 and 10,000 children were moved to Australia after World War Two.
They were recruited by religious institutions from both the Anglican and Catholic churches, or charities, including Barnardo's and the Fairbridge Society, with the aim of giving them a better life.

12 April 2017 Last updated at 12:03 BST
Bill Potts, played by Pearl Mackie, is the new sidekick and Martin has been to meet her.
She tells him about being inside the Tardis, working with Peter Capaldi and about being scared of the monsters in series 10.
The new series starts Saturday 15 April at 7:20pm on BBC One.

Angela Merkel called for unity on the last day of political campaigning.
Both Syriza and the New Democracy party will hold their final rallies later.
The possibility of a left-wing Syriza victory in Sunday's vote has sparked fears that Greece could default on its debt and exit from the euro.
Mrs Merkel urged the country to remain a part of the eurozone on Friday.
"At the heart of our principles lies solidarity," she said during a news conference in Florence with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi.
"I want Greece, despite the difficulties, to remain part of our story."
Speaking to crowds of supporters on Thursday night, Syriza's leader, Alexis Tsipras, repeated his promise to have half of Greece's international debt written off when the current bailout deal ends.
He said an end to "national humiliation" was near, as opinion polls showed the party in the lead with just days to go until the vote.
Greece has endured deep budget cuts tied to its massive bailout from so-called troika - the EU, International Monetary Fund and European Central Bank.
Opinion polls suggest the gap between Syriza and the conservative New Democracy party, which heads the current government, is widening.
Syriza has moderated its stance since the peak of the eurozone crisis, and says it wants Greece to stay in the euro.
But critics say that what the party is advocating may mean Greece will be forced to leave the eurozone whether it wants to or not.
Mr Tsipras has vowed to renegotiate the bailout agreements and to restructure country's the debt, which is currently 175% of GDP.
Prime Minister Antonis Samaras' New Democracy party holds its final campaign rally in Athens later, while the Syriza leader will be in Heraklion.
Syriza is tipped to win the vote but without an outright majority, and analysts say the party may struggle to find a coalition partner.
Mr Tsipras has said he will not govern with those who support what he has called the policies of Chancellor Merkel.
Germany is seen in Greece as taking the hardest line on its debt.
Earlier this month, a spokesman for Mrs Merkel said Germany expected Greece to uphold the terms of its international bailout agreement.

Celtic, who were all but assured the title, clinched the Premiership with a 3-2 win over closest challengers Aberdeen, who have 71 points.
After trailing 3-0, Niall McGinn and Andy Considine netted for the Dons at Celtic Park.
"To beat 75 points would be a fantastic achievement," said McInnes.
"It's important that we still try to play with an edge. I think that demonstrates a proper team, if you can keep going all the way to the end of the season.
"It's important for me to try and beat our points tally for last season.
"We've got two games to go and try and do that and we'll try and finish the season strong because I think it's important we finish properly."
Aberdeen finish their campaign with home matches against Hearts and Ross County.
McInnes's men - who will finish as runners-up for a second year in a row - started the season strongly with eight straight league wins but slipped below Celtic in the autumn.
A second home win of the season over Ronny Deila's side in February kept Aberdeen in the hunt but Celtic's consistency ultimately secured them a fifth straight championship.
"There's been a lot of criticism at times over the season for the manager and the team but I think their league form is up there with any championship-winning team," McInnes said of Celtic.
"For them to go through the full campaign only losing three games, you can see why they've won it and we congratulate them for that."
And, of Sunday's match, McInnes said: "We had great chances to score again. And probably easier chances - harder to miss than score.
"Second half, at least we showed fight, we showed our ability on the ball. We showed good aggression with our play and we created chances.
"Similar to the season, we fell just a bit short but we gave them a fright and we had to make them work for it.
"The two goals were no more than we deserved."

Canada is marking its 150th anniversary as a country in towns, cities and at backyard barbecues nationwide.
But the biggest bash is at Parliament Hill in Ottawa, where organisers expect hundreds of thousands of people.
And by mid-morning, they had turned out in their droves - albeit huddled under umbrellas, trying to avoid the rain.
Some partygoers, like 24-year-old students Morgan Haines, Jon Salamati and Nima Sahebi, got to the hill before the sun had even risen.
Their early morning netted them a prime spot right next to the main stage, where they said they planned to stay until after the fireworks at midnight.
The three travelled from Vancouver, on Canada's west coast, to celebrate the day in the capital.
"One-fifty is only going to happen once," Mr Salamati said. "By the time we hit Canada 200, we might not be able to do this trip."
The celebrations included a concert by Canadian artists, a display from Canada's aerobatics squadron the Snowbirds, a citizenship ceremony for new Canadians, and a massive fireworks display.
Canadian theatre giants Cirque du Soleil performed, and Bono and The Edge from  rock band U2 serenaded the crowd with an acoustic set.
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who has made inclusiveness a political calling card, gave a speech celebrating that attribute.
"We don't care where you're from or what religion you practise, or whom you love - you are all welcome in Canada," he said to cheers from the crowd.
Mr Trudeau's speech was delivered in both English and French, a tradition in Canada, which recognises both as its official languages.
"This is as good a reason as any to reflect on our past, to cheer on today, and to recommit ourselves to the future," he said to the 25,000 partygoers who had waited hours to get past security and on to the parliament's lawn.
But he also took a moment to remember Canada's indigenous people, whom he said had been "the victims of oppression" since the first settlers arrived.
"As a society, we must acknowledge past mistakes," he said, telling the audience that there was still much work to be done in order to achieve reconciliation.
However, Canada, he said, was determined to see a reconciliation over the coming years and decades.
"It is a choice we make not because of what we did, or who we were, but because of who we are," Mr Trudeau said.
Why the world suddenly loves Canada
What does it mean to be Canadian today?
What's in store for Canada's next 150 years?
Indigenous culture is being represented in many ways across the festivities, and a number of indigenous performers are participating in Canada Day concerts in the capital region.
Some indigenous peoples refused to recognise Canada 150, saying it represented more than a hundred years of colonisation.
Sandwiched between security fences and to the west of the main stage on the parliament's lawn, a group of indigenous protesters have set up a teepee.
They have been allowed to stay on Parliament Hill after erecting the structure in the early hours of Thursday morning in what organisers called a "reoccupation".
Early on Saturday morning, some of the protesters held a sunrise ceremony, lighting a small fire after negotiating with security to bring firewood onto site.
Jess Bolduc, from the Anishinaabe First Nation, said she hoped the day would be one of "conversation and dialogue" when Canada Day revellers flood the lawn.
"In celebrating Canada 150, we're celebrating a half-truth," she said.
"We need to be thinking about the tens of thousands of years indigenous people have been, and continue to be, here."
Across the Ottawa river in Gatineau, Quebec, crowds also lined up to see Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall open a new hall at Canada's Museum of History.
Prince Charles' mother, the Queen, is Canada's head of state.
Rumela Kabir Booth, from an Indian dance school in Ottawa, helped entertain the crowd before their arrival.
"Canada is such a multicultural and inclusive society," she said. "It's great to highlight all the different cultures and aspects that come together."
Canada shelled out an estimated C$500m ($385m; Â£293m) on everything from festivities to security and infrastructure projects.
Canada Day, held on 1 July each year, marks the merging of four former British colonies into a single new country. It is a national holiday.
The country grew in size in the years that followed, and finally achieved complete autonomy from the UK in 1931. It was not until 1982, however, that the British parliament transferred final legal powers to Canada, including the power to amend its constitution.
Businesses have also been trying to capitalise. KFC has temporarily rebranded itself "K'ehFC", in reference to the Canadian slang, while coffee shop Tim Hortons is selling a poutine donut - although only at selected US outlets.
As Canada celebrates its 150th anniversary, BBC World News will explore this vast country throughout July - from discovering some of the most remote places in Canada on The Travel Show  to documentary-style programming in Canada Stories.
To mark this occasion, we are offering Canadian audiences the chance to watch BBC World News as a free channel preview. More details here.

Friday
Aberdeen v Celtic (19:45)
Saturday
Rangers v Heart of Midlothian (12:15)
Dundee v Ross County (15:00)
Hamilton Academical v Motherwell (15:00)
Kilmarnock v Inverness Caledonian Thistle (15:00)
St Johnstone v Partick Thistle (15:00)

Veterinary neurologist Tom Harcourt-Brown said implanting pacemakers, known as Vagus Nerve Stimulators (VNS), was "potentially life saving".
Bristol-based Langford Vets said the procedure was "rarely curative" but could reduce the need for medication.
VNS are pacemaker type devices, which are commonly implanted in children with medically unresponsive seizures.
Paediatric neurosurgeon at Bristol Children's Hospital Mike Carter said: "As we know, many human treatments start off as treatments that are either trialled or in some way propagated in the animal population.
"And it may well be that there are in fact benefits to humans from observing the way in which treatments work in animals as well. And that's very much what we're hoping for here."
Lyn Weber's dog Eva has just had a VNS implant. The Jack Russell has been on medication since her first seizure two years ago.
Ms Weber said: "Typically for Eva, she came home from the surgery after two days, a bright and happy dog, albeit tired.
"Apart from a cough, which we are managing, and which is a possible side effect, she is the same affectionate and playful dog we know and adore."
Bristol University's Langford Vet school said epilepsy was "a very common disorder in dogs and can be very difficult and very expensive to treat medically".
It said this was the first time the procedure had been used in the UK. The operation costs about Â£5,000 and is not normally available on pet insurance.

Rory Best is rested under the IRFU player management programme and Rob Herring replaces him at hooker and also as skipper.
Luke Marshall, Rory Scholes, Ricky Lutton, Franco van der Merwe, Chris Henry and Roger Wilson also come in.
Jack Cuthbert, Dougie Fife, Sean Kennedy and Anton Bresler start for Edinburgh.
They are locked on 23 points with Ulster after eight Pro12 games.
Herring will captain the province after signing a two-year contract extension earlier this week.
Second row Alan O'Connor could make his first appearance of the season after being included on the bench.
Ulster are aiming to bounce back after an 8-3 defeat by Irish derby rivals Leinster last week.
The hosts are the second highest try-scorers in this year's competition while Edinburgh have the best defensive record.
Alan Solomons makes four changes from the Edinburgh side who beat Newport Gwent Dragons at Murrayfield last week.
Greig Tonks and Tom Brown and miss out through injury. Cuthbert comes in at full-back while Scotland international Fife returns on the wing.
Sam Hidalgo-Clyne is sidelined with a hand-injury and is replaced at scrum-half by Kennedy.
Fraser McKenzie is also on the injured list so Bresler comes into the second row.
Ulster: P Nelson, A Trimble, D Cave, L Marshall, R Scholes, P Jackson, R Pienaar, K McCall, R Herring (capt), R Lutton, D Tuohy, F van der Merwe, I Henderson, C Henry, R Wilson.
Replacements: J Andrew, A Warwick, W Herbst, A O'Connor, N Williams, P Marshall, S McCloskey, L Ludik.
Edinburgh: J Cuthbert, D Fife, C Dean, M Scott, W Helu, P Burleigh, S Kennedy; A Dickinson, R Ford, WP Nel, A Bresler, A Toolis, M Coman (capt), J Hardie, C Du Preez.
Replacements: N Cochrane, R Sutherland, J Andress, J Ritchie, H Watson, N Fowles, M Allen, B Kinghorn.

Evans, who faces a retrial over rape allegations in October, has joined the League One side on a one-year deal.
The Wales striker, 27, was sent to prison in 2012 for raping a 19-year-old woman, but had his conviction quashed by the Court of Appeal in April.
Evans, who has always denied the charges, was released in October 2014 after serving half of a five-year term.
The striker's last professional game was with Sheffield United in 2012.

Matt Grimstone and Jacob Schilt were among the 11 who died on 22 August.
The club normally plays in front of about 100 people, but more than a thousand tickets were sold for Sunday's FA Vase match against East Preston.
Manager Nigel Geary said people wanted to pay their respects.
He said not everyone could attend the funerals and people wanted to come to the match and show their support.
Vice-chairman Mark Sanderson said it had been a remarkable day and the club had never seen anything like it.
Memorial scarves were printed with the names of the two players, and 2,500 programmes were produced.
Proceeds are being used to pay for a permanent tribute to the players, who were travelling together to a game when a vintage jet crashed on to the A27 in West Sussex.
An initial report into the Shoreham air show disaster said the Hawker Hunter jet showed "no abnormal indications" during its flight.
Andy Hill, the 51-year-old pilot, remains in a serious but stable condition in hospital.

Today in a global city, there are stations without trains and any semblance of reliability on Southern rail evaporated months ago.
Hour upon hour has been lost with commuters stuck on trains and what is most alarming is there seems very little chance of this mess being sorted out.
As the transport experts at London Reconnections have pointed out, this dispute has been compounded by many historic problems including a driver shortage, rolling stock issues and capacity at London Bridge.
The joke amongst Southern commuters is they won't notice any difference in service levels due to this week's strike.
And there doesn't seem to be much light at the end of the tunnel.
Two more unions, ASLEF & TSSA, are also balloting for strike action.
Politicians have called for the franchise contract to be taken away from Southern.
But the government now looks like it will front this strike out.
"We don't think it is as simple as changing the operator," a Department for Transport spokesman has said.
The crux of the dispute is the changes to the role of guards.
The company wants the driver to close the doors and dispatch the new trains using CCTV. It says that Driver Only Operation (DOO) has been used for many years, on parts of the network.
The union says expanding it is a safety issue. Others say the unions are protecting jobs.
But the new rotas for the guards changing roles are due to be introduced on 21 August.
That means the high levels of sickness we've seen are unlikely to drop and so the unreliability in the service will not improve.
One union official said to me in years working on the railways he'd never seen industrial relations as bad as they are at Southern.
This needs a negotiated settlement and at the moment both sides are locked in animosity and are entrenched.

There are reports that Plath wrote to her psychiatrist saying Hughes, her husband at the time, physically abused her days before she miscarried.
A statement issued on behalf of Carol Hughes said the allegations were as "absurd as they are shocking".
The letters have not been made public but a bookseller who has offered them for sale has confirmed their contents.
The letters were written by Plath to Dr Ruth Barnhouse between 1960 and 1963 and are among a collection that has come to light.
According to The Guardian, Plath wrote that Hughes, whom she had married in 1956, beat her and wanted her dead.
The correspondence was put up for sale for $875,000 (Â£700,000). Antiquarian bookseller Ken Lopez told the BBC the Guardian story "can be corroborated by the letters".
Who was Sylvia Plath?
Responding to the report, the Ted Hughes Estate issued a statement on behalf of Carol Hughes, who was married to the poet from 1970 until his death in 1998.
It said the claims would be seen as absurd by "anyone who knew Ted well".
The statement added: "Private correspondence between patient and psychiatrist is surely one of the most confidential imaginable and, in this case, these alleged claims were from someone who was in deep emotional pain due to the apparent disintegration of her marriage."
The sale of the letters has been blocked by Smith College, the Massachusetts arts college where Plath studied in the 1950s, which filed a lawsuit claiming the letters were bequeathed to it by Dr Barnhouse after her death.
Mr Lopez said: "They are off the market for the time being as the lawsuit is in litigation.
"Hopefully, the lawsuit will be over soon and the letters, and the archive they are a part of, which includes a good deal more material by and about Plath albeit none of it quite as shocking as the Barnhouse letters, can be sold to a research institution where it can all be read and studied by scholars, researchers, students, historians, journalists, other poets and writers, readers of Sylvia Plath, etc."
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.

Edward Bunker, an American health worker for an NGO, was staying at the hotel. He spent the night hunkered down in his room and was rescued in the early hours of Saturday morning:
"At about 19:30 on Friday the fire alarm went off. I went out of the room and saw other guests milling about, and no one seemed to be really concerned. So I went back to my room to get ready to leave for the airport.
I went downstairs to settle the bill around 20:30 and it was like a scene out of a movie with smoke, gunfire noise, explosions - but all outside of the walls. And a very, very empty and dark lobby.
I saw someone carrying a gun just outside the hotel and a burning car across the street. and that was my 'oh sh**' moment. I hid near the pool for about five minutes and figured I might just want to plan to spend the night down there.
Some cooks and kitchen staff walked by, and I made some inquires as best as I could in French. They said I should go back to my room. That was probably the best piece of advice I got that night.
I turned on the news to see what was happening.
I ended up spending the night in my bathroom with my computer and - luckily - a good wifi connection. I was able to get in touch with family and friends and crucially also a security consultant from my organisation as well as the US embassy.
It was amazing how quickly the night passed and I was thankful to have the internet for the whole time. In fact, it was a great distraction to catch up on emails and pretend it was a normal working day.
Staying in the bathroom was one piece of advice from the security consultant - to put as many doors between me and the militants. Another was to make as little sound as possible and turn the lights off.
As the security forces approached my room at around 04:00 I was pretty certain they were in fact soldiers - and not militants.
I heard voices that sounded rational and it appeared they were giving instructions in French. They seemed to be making their way methodically through the building. Again, our security consultant was able to advise me that there were French forces in the building and the sounds they were making fitted with the likely pattern of events.
They approached my door and I announced myself - as I had been advised. They told me to open the door slowly and there I saw three French troops with rifles pointing at me, along with some US soldiers.
As they led me out we passed the lobby. I noticed furniture had been tossed around and there was a clear trail of destruction.
Suddenly there was another round of gunfire, and we were told to get down for five to 10 minutes. Lying on the floor with incoming fire and protected by soldiers, I felt it was the closest I was ever going to get to experiencing combat.
Just as the sun was coming up I was led into an armoured personnel carrier and driven down the road to meet US embassy staff."
Interview by Nathan Williams, BBC News

Media playback is not supported on this device
The 21-year-old Belgian World Cup forward, who scored 16 goals on loan at Everton last season, has signed a five-year contract at Goodison Park.
Everton boss Roberto Martinez said: "This signing is not just important for this season. It is a significant day in the history of this football club."
Lukaku joined Chelsea from Anderlecht for £18m in August 2011 but played only 15 games for the club.
After signing his contract at Goodison, Lukaku said: "I'm 21, I need to be playing in a good team. I needed to be in a place that felt right.
"I decided very quickly I wanted to come back. This is the place I belong."
Lukaku's transfer breaks the previous record of £15m for Marouane Fellaini when he joined Everton from Standard Liege in 2008.
It was originally thought Everton would pay £23.7m for Lukaku before the club revealed the £28m fee. Chelsea believe the transfer puts them in a strong position to comply with Uefa's Financial Fair Play rules.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho, who has now brought in £68m after the sale of Lukaku and defender David Luiz, said: "He wanted to play for Chelsea but wanted to be the first-choice striker. That's very difficult to promise.
"Everton made an important offer and financial fair play is something that is always behind the thoughts of the board. This leaves Chelsea in a great position."
Martinez said: "We know that Romelu is still a young man and the potential that he has is quite unique, and we are desperate to see him enjoying his football and to watch him grow as footballer in the years to come."
Lukaku rose to prominence as a 16-year-old with Anderlecht in the 2009-10 season when he scored 15 goals to help clinch the Belgium league title.
He scored 16 the next season and 2011-12 made the move to Chelsea, where he played a bit-part role under Andre Villas-Boas and then Roberto Di Matteo.
Lukaku joined West Brom on loan for the 2012-13 season, scoring 17 goals in 38 games as the Baggies recorded their highest ever Premier League finish of eighth.
Then last season, he was top scorer at Everton as they finished fifth in the Premier League and qualified for Europe for the first time in five years.
Lukaku's exploits at Goodison also helped secure a place in Marc Wilmots's Belgium squad for the 2014 World Cup.
He made four appearances in Brazil, scoring one goal, as Belgium reached the quarter-finals, losing 1-0 to Argentina.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho had already signed two strikers and let two go this summer.
Diego Costa, 25, moved for £32m from Atletico Madrid and club legend Didier Drogba, 36, rejoined the Blues on a free transfer. Samuel Eto'o was released and Demba Ba was sold to Besiktas for £4.7m.

He was nominated because of his work in mountain rescue and training climbers, and for setting up the Scottish Mountaineering Heritage Collection.
Mr Tighe will be presented with the accolade at the Fort William Mountain Festival next month.
The award was set up to recognise those who have dedicated their lives to working in Scotland's mountains.

The sinking of the cargo ship SS Politician off Eriskay in 1941 was the inspiration for MacKenzie's story.
The book was later adapted for a famous Ealing comedy of the same name.
The story has now been turned into a play by Iain Finlay Macleod and will be performed across the Highlands and also in Aberdeen, Edinburgh and Glasgow.
It will be performed almost entirely in Gaelic, with English subtitles, and adult audience members will be offered a dram at lunch-time and evening performances.
The production will also mark the launch of a new Gaelic theatre company, Robhanis.
The play will debut at the Sunart Centre in Strontian on 10 April.
Performances will follow at other venues including in Stornoway, Ullapool, Plockton and Inverness.
The National Theatre of Scotland, Robhanis and A Play, A Pie and A Pint are staging the production.
As well as its work with the play, the National Theatre of Scotland has celebrated Whisky Galore in its Belong season, a photographic essay that included an image of Mary and Alistair Johnston in the Am Politician pub on Eriskay.
The Johnstons were born in Eriskay and moved to Clydebank, but return to Eriskay every summer.
Thousands of bottles of whisky were among the cargo of the SS Politician, which was headed for Jamaica when it ran aground on the northern side of Eriskay in bad weather.
Islanders recovered hundreds of cases of whisky from the wreck and some of the bottles were buried to keep them hidden from customs officers.
Other bottles have since been found washed up on the island's shores and also recovered by divers.
Two out of eight bottles recovered in 1987 sold for Â£12,050 after an online auction in 2013.

Hill, 38, and 32-year-old Senderos signed one-year deals last summer under Mark Warburton but neither is being retained as Pedro Caixinha looks to rebuild the squad he has inherited.
Hyndman's loan spell has been ended by injury.
He tweeted that he had enjoyed "an incredible time" at the Ibrox club.
The 21-year-old American arrived in January, along with Jon Toral on loan from Arsenal. He made 17 appearances and scored four goals.
Hill was one of 11 signings made by Warburton last summer, as the club prepared for its return to the top-flight.
The Englishman made 31 appearances, scoring six goals, including the equaliser in March's 1-1 draw at Celtic.
Former Arsenal defender Senderos was sent off on his debut in his team's 5-1 Old Firm defeat to Celtic back in September and made three further appearances.

Production in April was 3.8% lower than last year, according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT).
The number of cars produced for the domestic market increased by 11.1% to 29,930.
However, those intended for export, which represents a much larger portion of the market, fell 7.6% to 98,382.
Low demand in Europe may have hindered UK exports. "Europe as a whole is three million units off its peak," SMMT chief executive Mike Hawes told the BBC.
Economic confidence and interest in new models may be behind the UK's rising demand," said Mr Hawes.
"The UK buyer is more confident than the average buyer across the rest of Europe," he said.
The growing availability and popularity of car finance packages had also pushed up domestic sales, he added. About three-quarters of purchases are now made with a finance package.
"Brits have a greater predilection to buy on credit. These packages are attracting people into the showrooms," he said.

A detective constable involved in the case said at no stage did the police receive any input from the security services.
Londonderry Crown Court heard the officer was out of his "comfort zone".
Eamon Bradley, 28, a Muslim convert originally from Melmore Gardens in Creggan, denies all the charges.
He faces six charges, including attending a rebel training camp in Syria and receiving training in guns and grenades.
Mr Bradley was arrested on his return to Derry in November 2014.
The court heard the detective constable knew virtually nothing about Jaysh al-Islam- the rebel group the accused allegedly trained with in Syria - before the defendant came to their attention.
He said officers had to work through open source research, which, he told the court, meant using the internet to research information about the case.
"We had to move on and do the best we could," he added.
Earlier, a forensics expert told the sixth day of the trial that weapons Mr Bradley was pictured with in Syria were probably authentic.
However, Jonathan Greer said it was impossible to confirm if they had been deactivated "without examining them".
The jury was again shown a photograph of Mr Bradley sitting behind a tripod of assault rifles.
Mr Greer said the photograph showed two AKM assault rifles, which had the capacity of firing 600 rounds a minute, and an AK-47.
The forensics expert said that from looking at the photograph, which police had told him was taken while Mr Bradley was at a Syrian training camp, he believed the weapons were authentic assault rifles.
However, he agreed with the defence barrister that many such weapons had found there way into "bric-a-brac stores" in the UK for sale, once they had been decommissioned.
He also agreed that holiday snapshots of tourists dressed up in combat gear and holding a weapon had become popular in many countries.
His trial continues.

The dean of Christ Church said the student has been banned from future events and must apologise in writing.
The event was held in December 2016 and the college emailed students about the incident on Wednesday, which it called "deeply regrettable".
Speaking to the Cherwell university newspaper the student said the costume was intended as satire.
Junior censor at the college, Brian Young, said in an email to students that "an offensive item of clothing was worn at a college bop".
He added: "We wish to affirm in the strongest possible terms that Christ Church is firmly committed to equality, diversity, and respect, and we absolutely will not accept any breaches of such toleration.
"Anyone who causes offence by disregarding these commitments is subject to strict college discipline."
The student, who has not been named, told the Cherwell he wore a sign reading "Middle America" and a pillowcase that resembled a Ku Klux Klan hood because the party's theme was 2016.
He said "I did not intend to offend anyone and removed the costume within two minutes of arriving after realising the inappropriateness of it."
Dean of Christ Church, the Very Rev Prof Martyn Percy, said the student's behaviour was "completely unacceptable".

Former deputy prime minister LK Advani and three other party elders called the outcome "disastrous".
The statement is being seen as a direct attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party president Amit Shah, who spearheaded the campaign.
Defeat in Bihar is as a major blow to the BJP after its 2014 poll landslide.
Correspondents say BJP party elders were sidelined after Mr Modi became leader in 2013 and Tuesday's statement is being read as the first sign of a rebellion.
"The results of the Bihar elections show that no lesson has been learnt from the fiasco in Delhi," the statement said, referring to an unexpected drubbing in state elections in the capital in February.
"The principal reason for the latest defeat is the way the party has been emasculated in the last year.
"A thorough review must be done of the reasons for the defeat as well as of the way the party is being forced to kow-tow to a handful, and how its consensual character has been destroyed.
The statement - signed by LK Advani and three former ministers, Yashwant Sinha, Murli Manohar Joshi and Shanta Kumar - said the review "must not be done by the very persons who have managed and who have been responsible for the campaign in Bihar".
A BJP statement in response said the party would "welcome any guidance and suggestions" of the senior leaders.
The BJP's parliamentary board met on Monday to discuss the defeat, which is being seen as a huge setback to the party's reform agenda.

Vester Flanagan, who had been dismissed by the same station, WDBJ7, killed himself after a police chase.
In the fax, a man said to be Flanagan describes suffering discrimination and bullying for being gay and black.
The White House said Wednesday's attack showed the need for better gun control.
The two people killed were WDBJ7 reporter Alison Parker and cameraman Adam Ward. Station manager Jeff Marks said: "I cannot tell you how much they were loved."
He said Flanagan was an "unhappy man" who had to be escorted from the WDBJ7 building after being dismissed in 2013.
Ms Parker was conducting a live interview with a guest on tourism early on Wednesday in the town of Moneta when the incident occurred.
Suddenly, shots rang out, and viewers saw the camera fall to the ground. Screams could be heard and the footage captured a brief glimpse of the gunman.
The station cut back to the studio - journalists would later have to continue broadcasting on the deaths of two of their colleagues.
Alison Parker
Adam Ward
Who were the two journalists?
Hours later, the gunman posted footage online of himself opening fire at close range, although this was later removed.
The interviewee, Vicki Gardner of the Smith Mountain Lake Regional Chamber of Commerce, is in a stable condition in hospital following surgery.
ABC News said it received a 23-page fax, apparently sent by Flanagan under his professional name Bryce Williams later on Wednesday, in which he said his anger had been "building steadily" and that he had become "human powder keg" that was "waiting to go BOOM!!!!"
The writer says he suffered racism and homophobia at work, and expresses admiration for the teenagers who killed 13 people at Columbine High School in Colorado in 1999.
He said the attack in Charleston, South Carolina, in which nine black churchgoers were killed in June this year, was what "sent me over the top".
Franklin County Sheriff Bill Overton said the ABC fax was being used by investigators, adding: "It's obvious... this gentleman was disturbed in some way."
Late on Wednesday, a representative for Flanagan's family issued a statement expressing their "deepest condolences to the families of Alison Parker and Adam Ward".
"Our thoughts and prayers at this time are with the victim's families and with WDBJ television station family," the statement added.
President Barack Obama repeated his call for tougher gun laws after the attack.
"We're willing to spend trillions of dollars to prevent terrorist activities, but we haven't been willing so far at least to impose some common sense gun safety measures," he said.
However Republican presidential hopefuls Jim Gilmore and Ben Carson have warned against any rush to introduce tougher gun controls.
"We're not going to let this madman take away the lawful rights of Americans to keep and bear arms. We're going to stand up for the second amendment," Jim Gilmore, a former governor of Virginia, told CNN.
US media reaction
Gun control, social media and workplace violence are some of the issues being discussed.
Nicholas Kristof in the New York Times takes on the sensitive issue of tightening gun controls.   "Surely we can regulate guns as seriously as we do cars, ladders and swimming pools," he says.
The moment of the shooting was filmed and posted on social media by the killer. The Washington Post found it encouraging that large news organisations chose not to show it and Twitter and Facebook quickly removed it from their sites.
CNN Money headlined their article on the issue "the ugly side of autoplay". The Boston Globe called such footage "the darkest form of entertainment".
A number of media outlets across the US have been discussing workplace violence. Pennlive.com said the shooting was a "jarring reminder that we never really know the people with whom we work".

"Losing power can bring forth a pain that hits you like a fist," she wrote in an opinion piece in the Guardian.
The country's first female prime minister was ousted by long-term rival Kevin Rudd amid dismal polling figures.
But despite the switch, Mr Rudd lost last Saturday's general election to conservative leader Tony Abbott.
Labor is set for a new leadership contest after Mr Rudd announced he would resign from his party role.
Ms Gillard revealed she had watched the 7 September election night results on her own.
"I wanted it that way. I wanted to just let myself be swept up in it," she wrote in the Guardian column.
The leadership challenge in June was the second Ms Gillard had faced since taking office in 2010. She herself ousted Mr Rudd as prime minister that year.
She said the switch just weeks ahead of the latest election had sent Australians a "very cynical and shallow message" about Labor's purpose.
"The decision was not done because caucus now believed Kevin Rudd had the greater talent for governing," she wrote.
"Labor unambiguously sent a very clear message that it cared about nothing other than the prospects of survival of its members of parliament at the polls. There was not one truly original new idea to substitute as the lifeblood of the campaign."
After her own defeat three months ago, Ms Gillard declared she would be leaving politics for good.
"Losing power is felt physically, emotionally, in waves of sensation, in moments of acute distress," she said of that moment.
"You can feel you are fine but then suddenly someone's words of comfort, or finding a memento at the back of the cupboard as you pack up, or even cracking jokes about old times, can bring forth a pain that hits you like a fist, pain so strong you feel it in your guts, your nerve endings."
Ms Gillard said she had experienced "odd moments of relief" since quitting, "as the hard weight that felt like it was sitting uncomfortably between your shoulder blades slips off".
But she admitted that she was still "grieving" the end of her political career.
"Late at night or at quiet moments in the day feelings of regret, memories that make you shine with pride, a sense of being unfulfilled can overwhelm you. Hours slip by."
Mr Abbott and his Liberal-National coalition ended Labor's tumultuous six-year reign in a landslide victory.
During his election campaign, Mr Abbott focused on the rival party's history of political infighting, saying it cared more about personal vendettas than pressing national issues.

There was little to choose between the teams in the first half, but the Ravens led when Louis Dennis squared and Josh Rees side-footed his side in front from close range.
The same combination should have put Neil Smith's men two up early in the second half, but this time Rees blazed over from six yards.
Bromley did extend their lead on the hour though, when Luke Wanadio tried his luck from the edge of the area and it flew past Scott Loach.
Wanadio also hit the post as the hosts saw out the match comfortably.
Match report supplied by the Press Association.
Match ends, Bromley 2, Hartlepool United 0.
Second Half ends, Bromley 2, Hartlepool United 0.
Conor Newton (Hartlepool United) is shown the yellow card.
Substitution, Bromley. Frankie Raymond replaces Louis Dennis.
Substitution, Bromley. Brett Williams replaces George Porter.
Substitution, Hartlepool United. Devante Rodney replaces Nicky Deverdics.
Goal!  Bromley 2, Hartlepool United 0. Luke Wanadio (Bromley).
Nicky Featherstone (Hartlepool United) is shown the yellow card.
Second Half begins Bromley 1, Hartlepool United 0.
First Half ends, Bromley 1, Hartlepool United 0.
Substitution, Hartlepool United. Jonathan Franks replaces Louis Laing.
Goal!  Bromley 1, Hartlepool United 0. Josh Rees (Bromley).
Jake Cassidy (Hartlepool United) is shown the yellow card.
First Half begins.
Lineups are announced and players are warming up.

Both sides struggled to create chances in regular time, but Accrington keeper Elliot Parish was sent off in the second half for tripping Felipe Morais.
Bradford hit the woodwork twice in extra time, and Stanley's John O'Sullivan had a penalty saved.
Jordan Clark netted the shootout winner after Reece Webb-Foster missed.
It took a total of 26 penalties to separate the sides, with goalkeepers Aaron Chapman and Colin Doyle netting at the end of the first round of spot-kicks.
Match ends, Accrington Stanley 0(11), Bradford City 0(10).
Penalty Shootout ends, Accrington Stanley 0(11), Bradford City 0(10).
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(11), Bradford City 0(10). Jordan Clark (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the centre of the goal.
Penalty missed! Bad penalty by Reece Webb-Foster (Bradford City) right footed shot is too high. Reece Webb-Foster should be disappointed.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(10), Bradford City 0(10). Mark Hughes (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the high centre of the goal.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(9), Bradford City 0(10). Tony McMahon (Bradford City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(9), Bradford City 0(9). Aaron Chapman (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(8), Bradford City 0(9). Colin Doyle (Bradford City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(8), Bradford City 0(8). John O'Sullivan (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(7), Bradford City 0(8). Daniel Devine (Bradford City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the centre of the goal.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(7), Bradford City 0(7). Janoi Donacien (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(6), Bradford City 0(7). Nathaniel Knight-Percival (Bradford City) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom right corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(6), Bradford City 0(6). Omar Beckles (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(5), Bradford City 0(6). Romain Vincelot (Bradford City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(5), Bradford City 0(5). Seamus Conneely (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the high centre of the goal.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(4), Bradford City 0(5). Mark Marshall (Bradford City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the top left corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(4), Bradford City 0(4). Matty Pearson (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the centre of the goal.
Penalty missed! Bad penalty by Nicky Law (Bradford City) right footed shot is just a bit too high. Nicky Law should be disappointed.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(3), Bradford City 0(4). Shay McCartan (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the centre of the goal.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(2), Bradford City 0(4). Filipe Morais (Bradford City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(2), Bradford City 0(3). Steven Hewitt (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(1), Bradford City 0(3). James Hanson (Bradford City) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0(1), Bradford City 0(2). Jordan Clark (Accrington Stanley) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0, Bradford City 0(2). Reece Webb-Foster (Bradford City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner.
Penalty missed! Bad penalty by Mark Hughes (Accrington Stanley) right footed shot is just a bit too high. Mark Hughes should be disappointed.
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 0, Bradford City 0(1). Tony McMahon (Bradford City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Penalty Shootout begins Accrington Stanley 0, Bradford City 0.
Second Half Extra Time ends, Accrington Stanley 0, Bradford City 0.
Attempt saved. Reece Webb-Foster (Bradford City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Janoi Donacien (Accrington Stanley) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Janoi Donacien (Accrington Stanley).
Daniel Devine (Bradford City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Bradford City. Reece Webb-Foster replaces Jordy Hiwula-Mayifuila.
Romain Vincelot (Bradford City) hits the right post with a right footed shot from the centre of the box.
Attempt blocked. Daniel Devine (Bradford City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Corner,  Bradford City. Conceded by Seamus Conneely.
Attempt blocked. Filipe Morais (Bradford City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Corner,  Bradford City. Conceded by Omar Beckles.
Attempt blocked. Mark Marshall (Bradford City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Second Half Extra Time begins Accrington Stanley 0, Bradford City 0.

The six men allegedly had plans to travel to Syria where they would join and fight with the group.
Court documents say the men tried to fly from airports in San Diego and New York City, but were stopped before doing so.
Officials say at least one person from Minnesota has died fighting with IS.
Authorities say the six men met secretly to develop their travel plans, which included flying to countries near Syria from airports in the US cities of Minneapolis, San Diego or New York City.
The men, who authorities consider to be friends, did not have plans to carry out an attack in the United States, prosecutors believe.
Zacharia Yusuf Abdurahman, 19, Adnan Abdihamid Farah, 19, Hanad Mustafe Musse, 19, and Guled Ali Omar, 20, were arrested in Minneapolis on Sunday.
Abdurahman Yasin Daud, 21, and Mohamed Abdihamid Farah, 21, drove from Minneapolis to San Diego, California, before their arrest.
Three of the arrested men had travelled to New York in November with a man who was en route to Syria and has since been indicted on charges of conspiring to support Islamic State.
"They are not confused young men, they were not easily influenced," Minnesota US Attorney Andy Lugar said. "These were focused men who were intent on joining a terrorist organisation by any means possible."
Their arrests are part of a months-long investigation into the recruitment of Westerners by IS.
Authorities say that a handful of other Minnesota residents have been successful in their attempts to join IS in the past year.
"We have a terror recruiting problem in Minnesota," Mr Lugar said.
The Minneapolis area is home to the largest concentration of Somali immigrants in the US.  Since 2007, at least 22 Somali men have travelled oversees to support Islamic State or Al-Shabab, a separate militant group based in Somalia.
The six men range in age from 19 to 21, and are expected to appear in courts in Minnesota and California later on Monday. The men arrested in San Diego are expected to be returned to Minnesota.

Police said passengers on the bus were left "distressed" following the incident in King Street on Sunday evening.
Officers said a group of local youths had also caused "extensive and unnecessary" damage to Greenfield House and cars in Hill Street on Sunday.
A police spokesman said: "This sort of behaviour will not be tolerated."
He added: "Inquiries are currently ongoing to identify those responsible."

Two helicopters, coastguard rescue teams and several lifeboats are involved in the operation to find the men, who are aged 46 and 35.
They have not been seen since setting off on a leisure trip from Port Logan at 09:00 on Saturday.
Police said their destination was not known but they were headed in the direction of Stranraer.
The alarm was raised at 18:15 on Saturday when the pair failed to return to Port Logan.
Peter Irwin, RNLI operations manager at Donaghadee in Northern Ireland, said: "We believe it is a black Fletcher speedboat, about 18 feet long.
"Two persons were on board. One was wearing a dry suit. We believe both were wearing lifejackets and at this stage the search is still concentrated off the Mull of Galloway."
A spokeswoman for the Maritime and Coastguard Agency said rescue teams took part in a carefully planned search overnight but nothing was found.
She said the search was based on the vessel's known and projected movements.
Coastguard rescue teams from Portpatrick, Stranraer, Ballantrae, the Isle of Whithorn and Bangor in Northern Ireland were involved in the operation.
They were joined by lifeboats from Port William, Stranraer, Donaghadee, in Northern Ireland, and Ramsey and Peel on the Isle of Man.
Coastguard search and rescue helicopters from Prestwick and Caenarforn in Wales have also been scrambled to help.
The coastguard spokeswoman said the search resumed earlier after crews swapped and vehicles re-fuelled.
Insp Claire Walker, of Police Scotland, confirmed that the force was working with rescue teams to trace the men.
She said: "We can confirm that Police Scotland is supporting a search operation after a 46 year-old man and a 35 year-old man launched a speed boat at Port Logan with the intention of going on a leisure trip.
"Their destination was unknown, however, it is believed the boat was launched at around 09:00 on Saturday 6 May from Port Logan in the direction of Stranraer.
"Since the matter was reported to the coastguard at 18:15 on Saturday evening, we have been working with the Maritime and Coastguard Agency and the RNLI to trace the men safe and well.
"Inquiries are ongoing."

Murray, seeded second, won 6-1 6-0 on the indoor hard courts to reach the quarter-finals, where he will play French 10th seed Richard Gasquet.
Belgium will host Britain in the Davis Cup final in Ghent from 27-29 November.
Murray now has a 2-0 record against Goffin, but if they meet in Ghent it will be their first match on clay.
"Obviously clay is seen as being my worst surface, but I still feel like I play well on that court," said the Scot.
"I don't know what speed the court's going to be.  If it's quick, then I think that will help my serve a lot. If it's slow, then I feel like I can track a lot of balls down on the clay, which is positive.
"But it was good for me to get the chance to play him before the Davis Cup and see his game and the speed of his shots and where he maybe makes some mistakes from and things that he likes to do.
"Obviously with the result, that's a positive. I mean, mentally for me it's a positive win."
Goffin is the highest-ranked Belgian at 16 in the world and has had a fine year, but the gap to the world number three was quickly apparent.
Murray, 28, asserted his authority from the outset, winning 12 of the first 13 points and breaking twice as he clinched the opening set in 25 minutes.
The Scot made it seven games from eight when a deep backhand return followed by a rasping winner down the line gave him another break at the start of the second.
Goffin, 24, could only watch as two more blistering returns flew past him for a fourth break of serve at 3-0, and Murray completed the demolition job - for the loss of just one game - after 53 minutes.
"Andy was extremely efficient today," said Goffin.  "This didn't help me to get into that match. This is why that match was the way it was.
"As far as I was concerned, I thought this would be my last match of the [ATP World Tour] season, so it's really tough to really put all your energy into it.
"I felt tired. My body was on the court, but there was nobody on the inside."
John Isner upset third seed and former champion Roger Federer 7-6 (7-3) 3-6 7-6 (7-5), the 6ft 10in American's second win in seven attempts against the 17-time Grand Slam champion.
Isner, seeded 13th, did not manage to break the Federer serve over the course of two hours and 16 minutes but the Swiss only made the breakthrough once and was edged out in two tie-breaks.
"Does indoors maybe help him there a little bit? Potentially," said Federer. "He's got the size, got the power, got the angles."
Isner, who finished with a 145mph serve, said: "It is like a pitcher with a fast ball, I guess, and is a shot I have hit a million times."
World number one Novak Djokovic extended his winning streak to 19 matches, and 26 consecutive sets, with a 6-3 7-5 victory over Frenchman Gilles Simon.
The Serb, 28, was broken when serving for the match, but closed it out at the second attempt and will next face Tomas Berdych or Jo-Wilfried Tsonga.
Gasquet progressed when Kei Nishikori retired with an abdominal injury trailing 7-6 (7-3) 4-1, but the Japanese player was optimistic he will be fit for the ATP Finals, which begin in 10 days' time.
Rafael Nadal saved a match point in the second-set tie-breaker before beating South African Kevin Anderson  4-6 7-6 (8-6) 6-2.
The Spanish seventh seed next faces French Open champion Stan Wawrinka, who beat Viktor Troicki 6-4 7-5.

Free sessions providing on-road training have begun in the run up to the start of the initiative in April.
Anyone aged 14 and over who can ride a bike can apply.
It comes as figures are released by the road safety charity Brake which says safety fears are stopping young people walking or cycling.
Sustrans, which is organising the training say safety, is a top priority.
"What we're saying is you have to share the city centre," Gordon Clarke, director for Sustrans Northern Ireland said.
"If you're a cyclist or pedestrian, you're more vulnerable, so we want bus drivers - and we've been working with them, with DRD and with Translink - we want taxi drivers, all the drivers to think of each other and cyclists to be aware of drivers as well."
The bike share scheme will initially include 300 public bikes, and up to 30 bike docking stations in the city centre.

Shyam Saran Negi is a retired teacher in northern Himachal Pradesh state.
He has voted in every single election since 1951-52 - when India held its first general election after gaining independence from British rule.
Indians began voting in a nine-phase election on Monday. Voting will take five weeks, with results due on 16 May.
More than 814 million people are eligible to vote in a poll dominated by corruption and high inflation.
Mr Negi, who lives in the Himalayan village of Kalpa in Kinnaur district, will cast his vote on 7 May, the day voting will be held in all five seats of Himachal Pradesh.
The Election Commission of India has held him up as an example to others, and Google India recently put out a video on Mr Negi - #PledgeToVote tells the "true story of a man who never missed an opportunity to vote".
Election Commission of India
Since the video went up on 24 March, it has been viewed by nearly 1.7 million people around the world.
The short film begins with Mr Negi sipping tea at home, looking out at the spectacular snow covered peaks.
Then, he puts on his coat and cap, picks up his walking stick and begins his journey to the polling centre.
Walking upright and sure-footed on the snow-covered road which winds through apple orchards and pine woods, he arrives at the polling station to a grand welcome by fellow tribespeople before casting his vote.
The film also describes Mr Negi as the country's first voter - it says that independent India's first polling station was set up at Kalpa months before elections were held in the rest of India in February 1952.
"Before the roads got blocked in deep winter, we voted several months ahead of the rest of India on 25 October 1951," Mr Negi says.
"Since then I have voted in every general election and the state assembly elections. On 7 May, I will vote for a record 16th time [in a general election],"  he adds.
The video has him saying: "I still remember that day all those years ago. It was snowing heavily as I walked to vote for the first time."
Mr Negi refuses to divulge which party has his support. "I will vote for a party which will sincerely attempt to change the country and provide a good government."
He is not particularly excited by the Nota (None of The Above) option the Election Commission has introduced for the first time in these elections. Nota gives the voter an option to reject all candidates.
"I am not in favour of Nota. Surely things are not so bad that there is nobody to vote for among the candidates," he told the BBC over the phone from his village.

Oxford archaeologists discovered the 165 million-year-old reptile bones at Must Farm quarry near Whittlesey.
Dr Carl Harrington and his team dug up more than 600 pieces of bone as well as the skull, still preserved in clay.
"Eve", described as "a fantastic fossil", has anatomical features only before seen in plesiosaurs half her size, a palaeontologist said.
Plesiosaurs were sea creatures that lived at the time of the dinosaurs.
Read more on this and other stories from Cambridgeshire
Eve's "snout" was the first thing Dr Harrington noticed as he was digging around in the wet clay.
"It was one of those absolute 'wow' moments. I was the first human to come face-to-face with this reptile," he said.
In all, the team from Oxford Clay Working Group dug up hundreds of pieces of fossilised bone and spent more than 400 hours cleaning and repairing the remains.
"I'd never seen so much bone in one spot in a quarry," Dr Harrington added.
Almost all of the plesiosaur's bones have been found, although the hind flippers and parts of the fore-flippers are still missing.
The site of Eve's final resting place - owned by building product manufacturing company Forterra - has given up a number of important finds over the years.
Cambridge archaeologists are currently excavating the remains of a Bronze Age settlement described as "Britain's Pompeii" because it is so well-preserved.
However, Eve is much older and palaeontologists have reason to think she is a "previously unknown species of plesiosaur".
Source: Oxford University palaeontologist Dr Roger Benson/BBC Nature
The skeleton is currently being studied by experts at Oxford University's Museum of Natural History.
Palaeontologist Dr Roger Benson said although Eve has a long neck, which is not uncommon, she also has "some anatomical features only seen in Picrocleidus, a plesiosaur about half the size of this new skeleton".
The Must Farm specimen had an 8ft (2.5m)-long neck, a barrel-shaped body, four flippers and a short tail.
Scientists are currently working to remove the skull from inside a block of clay.
It has been CT-scanned by the Royal Veterinary College to enable them to accurately locate the bones without damaging them.
Eve was donated by Cambridgeshire landowners Forterra to the Oxford museum, who said they were "very excited" to have the new "sea monster" in their collection.

Emmott and Georgia Garnett were married at Burnley's register office on Saturday shortly before the collision.
Police were called to Colne Road at about 15:00 GMT and offered to take the bride and groom to their reception at Cafe Cargo in Foulridge.
Guests were "very shocked" to see the couple arrive in a police car.
The groom said he did not think the incident was a sign of things to come, joking: "It was certainly us to arrive in style."
The couple had just exchanged their vows when the chauffeur-driven vintage 1970s' Rover was involved in a collision. Their ten-month-old son Arlo was also in the car.
Mr Garnett explained: "On the way, about three minutes after being married, someone crashed into our wedding car. We were stuck in the middle of Burnley town centre. The car wouldn't move. We called the police and the officer offered to take us to the reception.
"It was a big shock to see everyone's faces when we got out of a police car."
PC Pete Howarth, now nicknamed "PC Pageboy" by colleagues, said: "We tend to deal with people who are having a lot worse days so it was a refreshing change.
"It came in as a minor road traffic collision, so once that was dealt with we were left with a stranded bride and groom. We weren't going to leave them at the side of the road and we were just pleased we were able to help.
"I managed to remove all the mouldy bananas and crisp wrappers out the back of the car before they got in it."
Burnley and Padiham Police said on Facebook "not all heroes wear capes", and congratulated the new Mr and Mrs Garnett on their marriage.

A survey of nearly 3,000 children and young adults found nearly a third had felt forced to fend for themselves too early, Anne Longfield said.
She said most parents would not "wave goodbye" to children at 18 and "we shouldn't do so for children in care".
A Department for Education spokesman said reforms had been made since 2010.
Ms Longfield - who took up her post as children's commissioner in March - said there were about 69,000 children in care in the UK.
She said it was "unacceptable" that about half of those youngsters were confused about why they were in care.
"This group of young people are probably the most vulnerable, often having suffered from extreme neglect, often abuse and often trauma," she said.
"They are no longer living with their parents and have often not had stable placements. They are the least likely to find employment and most at risk of drugs, alcohol and crime.
"They need support as they go into their adult life."
She said children in care should be able to keep the same social worker for longer and should receive therapeutic care to "recover from their difficult past experiences".
"We know that many children who leave care still struggle to reach their full potential and helping them to overcome their harmful experiences and build their resilience and emotional well-being for the future will help them to do so."
Ms Longfield, a former chief executive of the 4Children charity, was announced as the new children's commissioner last year, to promote and protect the rights of all children in England.
A Department for Education spokesman said the government was "committed to improving the lives of care leavers".
"That is why we have introduced a comprehensive series of reforms since 2010 to help and support them.
"We welcome the survey's findings that the vast majority feel they live in the right place, are treated with respect and feel part of the family.
"But we are not complacent and will continue to work to make sure all young people, whatever their background, have the best opportunity to achieve their full potential," the spokesman added.

People living in slums traditionally rely on vendors, who are expensive, or polluted sources to get drinking water.
But the new system, where people use a smart card, is designed to provide cheaper and cleaner water.
The water company is opening four of these dispensers in Nairobi and there are hopes the scheme will be expanded.
A version of the scheme has been used in rural areas in Kenya, but it is thought this is the first time that it will be used in an urban area.
Residents swipe the smart cards, topped up at a kiosk or through a mobile phone, at the dispenser and water starts flowing from the tap.
The Nairobi City Water and Sewerage company says it is charging half a Kenya shilling (half a US cent) for 20 litres of water.
This is much cheaper than the rates being charged by the water vendors, reports the BBC's Abdullahi Abdi in Nairobi.
The dispensers have been set up through a partnership between the local government and the Danish water engineering company Grundfos.
The company says that this public-private partnership model could be developed in other countries.
Meanwhile in another part of Nairobi residents are complaining about a water shortage.
The BBC's Ahmed Adan in the suburb of Eastleigh says that vendors are selling water at 50 Kenya shillings for 20 litres - 100 times the price at the new water dispensing machines.
Having clean drinking water is one of the United Nations Millennium Development Goals and it is thought that worldwide more than 700 million people still do not have access to it.
BBC Africa Live: Updates through the day

Ms Brown, who founded the site in 2008 with Barry Diller, said she would focus on a conference business, in particular her annual Women in the World summit.
She will leave the site when her contract expires at the end of this year.
Her tenure at The Daily Beast was marked by the website's unsuccessful merger with Newsweek in 2010.
Ms Brown and her team struggled to turn around the storied print magazine, and advertising revenue continued to plunge as circulation lagged.
She defended her attempt to revive Newsweek, saying she was proud of "the battle we waged to save it from the overwhelming forces of media change".
Newsweek was sold to IBT Media in August after ceasing publication of its print edition.
Ms Brown's new venture, Tina Brown Live Media, will continue her successful yearly conference, Women in the World, launched in 2010. Luminaries such as Oprah Winfrey and Hillary Clinton have attended in the past.
"I was surprised - she is such an icon to the print medium," Horizon Media's Brad Adgate told the BBC.
"This just goes to show that the internet is a different animal certainly than magazines."
Ms Brown co-founded The Daily Beast in October 2008 with Mr Diller after a successful track record running print magazines in the US and the UK.
At age 25 she was editor-in-chief of UK society magazine Tatler. She then went on to be the first female editor of The New Yorker magazine, and edit Vanity Fair and the short-lived Talk magazine.
Named after the fictional newspaper in Evelyn Waugh's satirical novel Scoop, The Daily Beast aimed to prove that online news could be made profitable.
The site was backed by Mr Diller's IAC/InterActivCorp, which also owns properties such as the dating websites Match.com and OkCupid and other websites such Ask.com and Dictionary.com.
Although the Daily Beast has reported strong web traffic numbers - with an audience of between six million and 16 million monthly visitors - it has had difficulty generating meaningful ad revenue.
The November 2010 merger with Newsweek - which had been purchased by audio magnate Sidney Harman for $1 from the Washington Post Company - added more pressure.
After struggling to contain losses and generate buzz, Ms Brown announced that the venerable magazine would cease print publication on 31 December 2012.
Mr Diller later called the Newsweek acquisition "a mistake".
IAC will continue to operate The Daily Beast, according to an article posted on the site.
It will be run by executive editor John Avlon and managing editor Deidre Depke.

Authorities say around 1,000 migrants will be affected by the eviction plan for the southern part of the camp.
Aid agencies say the number of people living there is much higher.
Local officials said public areas such as places of worship or schools would not be cleared and said it would be a "humanitarian operation".
A deadline had initially been ordered for the southern part of the "Jungle" to be cleared by Tuesday evening but activists appealed to the court to halt the evictions.
The judge visited the camp as she considered her ruling.
Conditions there are squalid and its sprawling presence has become a controversial issue in both France and the UK.
Those living in the camp, mainly from the Middle East, Afghanistan and Africa, hope to cross the Channel to reach Britain.
Calais Mayor Natacha Bouchart said the authorities were being cautious to avoid people squatting on the site. "We're relieved by this announcement but we're vigilant."
Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve insisted that the evictions would be a humanitarian operation. "There was never any question of the French government sending bulldozers on to the site," he said earlier on Thursday.
Neighbouring Belgium this week announced temporary controls on its border with France amid fears of an influx of migrants from the camp.
"It's our express intention to avoid tent camps like Calais in our country," Belgian Interior Minister Jan Jambon said.
France described the Belgian move as "strange". Mr Cazeneuve said the very idea of Calais migrants heading for Belgium "doesn't correspond to reality". However, Belgian officials say dozens have already been stopped trying to cross the border.
Tea, rivalry and ambition at 'Jungle hotel'
Jungle migrants prepare to move
Migrants resist relocation to containers
Under the judge's order, French authorities cannot use force to move the migrants. The BBC's Tomos Morgan at the camp says they hope to "persuade" everyone to leave.
Police have indicated no evictions will be happening immediately, according to charity workers.
Officials say migrants will have three options: they can move into heated container accommodation at the camp, or similar accommodation elsewhere in France, or they can claim asylum in France.
The French government says its aim is to ensure that no-one has to live in undignified conditions any longer.
But many residents have told the BBC that they do not want to leave.
Save the Children's emergency manager in Calais, Ginny Howells, said the decision would "make a terrible situation for children much worse".

The Uruguay striker, 26, intends to submit a transfer request by the end of the week if a move is blocked.
Suarez told the Guardian and Daily Telegraph that the Reds "promised" he could leave this summer if they did not qualify for the Champions League.
"I gave absolutely everything last season. Now all I want is for Liverpool to honour our agreement," he said.
The interviews were given to Spanish-based journalists from the newspapers. Suarez said: "Last year I had the opportunity to move to a big European club and I stayed on the understanding that if we failed to qualify for the Champions League the following season I'd be allowed to go."
Arsenal have made two bids, with the latest  in an attempt to trigger a release clause.
Liverpool, who finished seventh in the Premier League last season, have rejected the offers and insisted the clause does not force them to sell.
Suarez has not travelled with the squad for a pre-season match in Norway because of a foot injury.
"I am 26, I need to be playing in the Champions League. I feel I have done enough to be playing in the Champions League at this stage of my career. Now there is an option for me to do that and I want very much to take it," he said.
"I don't feel betrayed but the club promised me something a year ago, just as I promised them that I would stay and try everything possible to get us into the Champions League."
Liverpool meet Valerenga on Wednesday in their penultimate friendly before the start of the season but Suarez will not feature.
He is due to have a scan on his foot injury in the next 24 hours, joining Daniel Agger, Glen Johnson and Martin Skrtel in staying in England to receive treatment.
Reds boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted Arsenal's offer remains well short of Liverpool's valuation.
"If Arsenal want the player they have to produce the value for the player,"
Suarez, who joined the club in January 2011 from Ajax for £22.7m and signed a long-term contract extension in August 2012, scored 30 goals in 44 appearances for the Reds last season.
Liverpool conclude their pre-season preparations with a friendly against Celtic in Dublin on Saturday before starting their Premier League campaign a week later against Stoke City at Anfield.

Isaiah Wright-Young, 37, was one of two men who opened fire on a Seat Ibiza that Kenichi Phillips was sitting in on St Marks Crescent, Birmingham, last year, police said.
Wright-Young was convicted of murder and is to serve a minimum of 33 years.
In November, Disharn Downie, 18, was jailed and will serve a minimum of 21 years.
Dean Silvera, 37, was jailed for seven-and-a-half years after being convicted of assisting an offender.
Mr Phillips, a passenger in the car, was struck in the jaw and neck in March last year, the West Midlands force said.
It said two others in the car escaped uninjured. Mr Phillips got out through the driver's door, but collapsed in a nearby alleyway and died.
Wright-Young, of no fixed abode, was convicted of murder, attempted murder and two counts of possessing firearm with intent to endanger life at Birmingham Crown Court.
Det Insp Jim Munro, who led the investigation, said it was "only through luck alone that others weren't seriously hurt".
He said: "Two men armed with guns firing shots in the early evening when there were people, including children, out and about who could easily have been caught up in this."
Downie, who was 17 at the time of the death, was found guilty of murder, attempted murder, two charges of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life and a separate offence of robbery after a trial.
Silvera, of Dial Close, Druids Heath, Birmingham, was convicted of assisting an offender but cleared of murder, attempted murder, attempting grievous bodily harm and two counts of possession of a gun.

He said the UK government took "very, very seriously" the need to end their anxiety and uncertainty.
Mr Davis again signalled that he was not willing to compromise over the role of the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
But European Parliament Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt insisted the ECJ "must play its full role".
The European Court of Justice has emerged as the central stumbling block in reaching a deal on the rights of EU nationals.
EU sources last week described the conflict over the court as "a fundamental issue, a fundamental difference between the two sides on this".
However, Mr Davis, in Prague for talks with the Czech foreign minister LubomÃ­r ZaorÃ¡lek, said the British government intended to introduce legislation to establish the rights of EU nationals, which would be enforced by British courts.
"We intend this should be put in an act of parliament enforced by the British courts - and I don't think anybody has ever argued that the British courts are anything other than trustworthy in terms of defending the rights of individuals," he said.
"And most importantly, this would be backed up by a treaty - so that the treaty itself is enforceable as well. That's the way we're going to do it."
Mr Davis said giving EU nationals in the UK the right to appeal to the European Court of Justice would be the same as allowing the US Supreme Court a role in Britain.
But in a statement after the second round of negotiations between the UK and EU, Mr Verhofstadt and the European Parliament Brexit Steering Group, said it would "remain vigilant" and "continue to push for full rights for EU citizens in the UK as well as UK citizens in the EU".
Mr Verhofstadt added that the European Parliament want the withdrawal agreement - or the terms of Britain's divorce from the EU - "to be directly enforceable and to include a mechanism in which the European Court of Justice can play its full role".
At the end of the press conference in Prague, Mr Davis stressed that under the UK proposals, Czech nationals would receive "the same rights as British citizens", such as residence rights, economic, employment, pension, health and welfare rights.
"Essentially, all of the rights other than the right to vote for the national government," he said.
But Mr ZaorÃ¡lek said he had told Mr Davis the Czech Republic had decided to open a general consulate in Manchester to give the 45,000 Czech citizens living in the UK a place "to get their documents in order" in preparation for Brexit.

Mason, 25, clashed heads with Chelsea defender Gary Cahill 13 minutes into the Premier League match.
He was carried off on a stretcher wearing an oxygen mask after receiving eight minutes of treatment and taken to St Mary's Hospital in London.
"Ryan is in a stable condition and expected to remain in hospital for the next few days," said a Hull statement.
"Everyone at the Club would like to express their sincere thanks for the excellent and swift care given to Ryan by both the Accident and Emergency department and Neurosurgery Unit at St Mary's Hospital."
Hull added that they would issue a further update on Monday.
Cahill, who continued playing, said: "I tried to get on the end of the cross. We smashed heads. I wish him all the very best."
Goals from Diego Costa and Cahill gave the Blues a 2-0 victory as they moved eight points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Media playback is not supported on this device

The vehicle, a cross between a small milk float and a large tuk-tuk, spent two weeks completing autonomous loops of a two-mile (3km) semi-pedestrianised area of Greenwich, south-east London.
The electric CargoPod has a top speed of 25mph and can do 18 miles on a single battery charge.
It can carry only eight crates and is not big enough to deliver large orders.
"We have chosen it to work specifically in this type of environment, where bigger vehicles are not allowed," said Graeme Smith, chief executive of robotics company Oxbotica, which developed the vehicle.
"This is not about trying to solve all the delivery problems in the world.
"Over the next two or three years, you should expect to see a lot more vehicles on the road from car companies, from delivery companies, from shuttle companies.
"We're very much at the start of this innovation."
The CargoPod trial was part of a broader Â£8m research project into driverless technology, using the Greenwich area as a test location.
For the purposes of the test, the van's speed was capped at 5mph and two people were inside for safety reasons.
It was fitted with three Lidar (laser) sensors and a stereo camera as well as standard sensors used in modern vehicles.
In order to complete the delivery, when it came to a stop one of the numbered crate doors would light up to indicate where the goods were stored.
The door would then open when the recipient pressed a button.
During the demonstration, journalists were not allowed inside the pod while it was on the move.
"The low speed, the lack of traffic, the safety drivers are all part of the test process we need to go through to make sure that driverless tech is really safe to use in the public," said Simon Tong, principal research scientist at the Transport Research Laboratory (TRL).
Online retailer Ocado has always sought to automate as many processes as possible within its business.
The company has previously demonstrated robots assembling delivery orders in its warehouses and is currently developing a humanoid maintenance engineer called Second Hands.
Chief technology officer Paul Clarke said driverless delivery was "a natural stage in the progression of our transport technologies".
"This technology is on its way. I think we need to adapt to it in the same way we've adapted to cars and other kinds of vehicles driving around us," he told the BBC.
However, he said, the company's 12,000 human employees were still important.
"We have two human touch points to our service - one is on the doorstep and the other is in our call centres, and they are both very precious to us," he said.
"We see this as being about choice. Some customers will want their full order brought to their kitchen table, others may want click and collect, others may be happy to come to the kerbside to interact with a driverless delivery truck."
Aidan Bocci, chief executive of Commercial Advantage, a consumer goods consultancy, said such services were "absolutely the future".
"More and more people are living in big cities and this satisfies a massive craving for convenience," he said.
"There will be demand, but the question is whether economically you can make it work."
While Amazon is developing a drone delivery service, Ocado had no immediate plans to follow suit, Mr Clarke said.
"Drone technology is very interesting  to us, and we use it quite a lot in our business for surveying and looking around our large premises," he said.
"But do I think 35kg [77lb] of groceries are going to be flying over your head any time soon? No, I don't."
While politicians say the UK is at the forefront of driverless car technology - in its election manifesto the Conservative Party said the country was "leading the world in preparing for autonomous vehicles" - they are not nearly as visible as they are in places such as California, where 27 car manufacturers are testing vehicles.
"Given the regulatory environment, it's a lot easier to test driverless vehicles in the UK," said Prof David Bailey, from Aston Business School.
"Small firms are doing a lot of research, Jaguar Land Rover is doing a lot of research. But the big expenditure is taking place elsewhere."

His first executive order, which sparked mass protests and confusion at airports, was halted by the courts in February.
Then just hours before a revised version was due to go into effect at midnight on 16 March, a judge in Hawaii suspended it nationwide.
How is the second order different - and what happens next?
The original order barred people from seven majority-Muslim countries - Iran, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Somalia, Sudan and Libya - from entering the US for 90 days. It also halted refugee resettlement for 120 days and banned Syrian refugees indefinitely.
The revised order removed Iraq from the list, after it agreed to boost co-operation with the US and also the lifted the indefinite ban on Syrian refugees.
Previously, there was confusion about people from the seven countries who were also permanent legal US residents (green card holders), or who already had US visas or dual nationality. The new version makes it clear that visa and green card holders from the countries on the list - now six countries - will still be allowed entry, as will dual nationals travelling on a passport from a country not on the list.
Waivers can be granted on a case-by-case basis, if denying entry would "cause undue hardship", in cases such as:
The number of refugees for the year until October will be capped at 50,000, some 35,000 less than the previous 12 months.
The second executive order states that each of the six countries is either considered a state sponsor of terrorism by the US or "has been significantly compromised by terrorist organisations or contains active conflict zones". This "diminishes the foreign government's willingness or ability to share or validate important information about individuals seeking to travel to the United States," the order says.
Critics have noted that major attacks such as the 9/11 New York attacks, the Boston marathon bombing and the Orlando nightclub attack were carried out by people from countries not on the list, such as Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Kyrgyzstan, or by US-born attackers.
Judges who first suspended - and then upheld the suspension - of the first order cited several concerns:
The second order allowed a 10-day lead-in time before it was due to come into effect, in an attempt to avoid the confusion and uncertainty caused by the immediate implementation of the first, where scores of people were detained at airports or in transit.
But nevertheless, a judge in Hawaii still suspended the revised order. He concluded that, were the ban to go ahead, there was a strong likelihood it would cause "irreparable injury" by violating First Amendment protections against religious discrimination.
His justification focused on comments made by Mr Trump and his advisers that suggested their intention was to ban people on the basis of their religion, even though the administration says this is not the case.
The Hawaii court also cited a "dearth of evidence indicating a national security purpose".
The justice department said the ruling was "flawed both in reasoning and in scope".
A judge in Maryland later also blocked the order, on the basis that the travel ban was likely to be considered a ban on Muslims and therefore unconstitutional.
Other legal challenges to the second order:
Oregon - said the order hurts residents, employers, universities, health care system and economy
Washington - it has "same illegal motivations as the original" and harms residents, although fewer than the first ban
Minnesota - questioned the legality of the move, suggesting the Trump administration cannot override the initial ban with a fresh executive order
New York - "a Muslim ban by another name", said the attorney general
Massachusetts - new ban "remains a discriminatory and unconstitutional attempt to make good on his campaign promise to implement a Muslim ban"
California - says order is an attack on people based on their religion or national origin
This is becoming a crucial question in the legal battle.
On 14 February, a US district judge in Virginia ruled the first order was unconstitutional because it had religious bias at its heart.
Ruling on the second version, the Hawaii court also dismissed the government's argument that the ban is not anti-Muslim because it targets all individuals from the six countries, regardless of religion, and the countries themselves represent only a small fraction of the world's Muslim population.
"The illogic of the government's contentions is palpable. The notion that one can demonstrate animus toward any group of people only by targeting all of them at once is fundamentally flawed," the court ruling said, pointing out that the countries' populations were between 90% and 99% Muslim.
The court also cites statements made by Mr Trump, such as a 2015 press release calling for "a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States".
But the Department of Justice says that a distinction should be made between things said as a candidate and as president.
In a bid to address religious discrimination issues, the second order removes a particular section that said refugees' claims should be prioritised "on the basis of religious-based persecution, provided that the religion of the individual is a minority religion in the individual's country of nationality".
Mr Trump previously said priority should be given to persecuted Christians.
The president said he would take the case "as far as it needs to go," including to the Supreme Court.
An appeal against the Hawaii decision would be expected to go next to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals - the same court where a panel of three judges decided in February not to block a ruling by a Seattle court to halt the original travel ban.
However, on 16 March, five of the 29 judges at that court wrote a letter saying they believed that decision was an "error", and the first executive order was "well within the powers of the presidency".
If the Ninth Circuit were to uphold the Hawaii court's ruling, the government could appeal to the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court is currently made up of four conservative and four liberal judges, awaiting the appointment of a replacement for the conservative Antonin Scalia who died last year.

So when Hillary Clinton came on stage around 10pm on Monday night in Iowa at a rally in Des Moines' Drake University she didn't declare victory but said she was breathing a "big sigh of relief'" as she thanked Iowans for their support and their hard work on behalf of her campaign.
By the next morning, the final results had come in and Mrs Clinton was officially declared the winner, the first ever woman to win an Iowa caucus and a victory by the narrowest margin in history. The race had already moved 1,300 miles east to New Hampshire and Mrs Clinton was at her first event at Nashua community college by noon.
"I am thrilled to be here in New Hampshire after winning Iowa,'' she said to cheers from the audience. "I can tell you, I've won and I've lost there - and it's a lot better to win."
If this was a win, it wasn't the victory that Mrs Clinton would have wanted in a state where until late last year she was still leading by a wide margin. But the Hawkeye state has given her and her husband much trouble. Bill Clinton didn't bother campaigning there in 1992 when he was running for president and finished in third place in the caucuses. Mrs Clinton also came in third in 2008, a loss from which she never recovered during that race as her rival, then senator Barack Obama, went on to make history and become America's first black president.
The Clinton campaign had hoped to break the Iowa curse with a better ground organisation, months of preparation and a lot of retail politics in small settings by the candidates. As polls showed Mrs Clinton and her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders in a dead heat, her campaign aides remained cautiously optimistic, predicting a win by a narrow margin. Some who had already gone through the defeat of 2008 were tempering their expectations and contemplated a possible loss.
Monday night in Iowa was a nail biting evening as the votes were tallied and the margin between Mr Sanders and Mrs Clinton narrowed and then widened repeatedly, often by barely a percentage point. Results projected on a screen in the Clinton rally elicited cheers and gasps from the hundreds of supporters who were waiting for her to appear and speak to them.
By the time she left the stage, the race was officially still too close to call. Standing by her side, neither Bill nor Chelsea spoke. And the customary rope line greetings with supporters was scrapped as the Clintons made their way out of Drake University and to the airport to catch a flight to New Hampshire. In the crowd, there was celebration but no jubilation.
"This was a tough night. I had hoped she would do better and considering her name recognition and accomplishments and improved ground operation, she should have," said Joan Lipkin, a Clinton campaign volunteer who had come all the way from Missouri with 160 volunteers to canvass for the former first lady. Lipkin had volunteered in 2008 and said that her heart was broken then. On Monday night, her heart was ''dented'', she said.
"I'm not celebrating because I think Sanders poses a real challenge and many of his supporters are so enraged at the system that they may not come over if she wins the nomination."
Late into the night, on a chartered plane from Iowa to New Hampshire carrying Clinton aides and the press corps covering her campaign, there was exhaustion after days of campaigning in Iowa and trailing behind the candidate on a bus.
As headlines swirled about a tie between Mrs Clinton and Mr Sanders, Clinton spokesperson Brian Fallon and communications director Jennifer Palmieri tried to get ahead of the story, briefing journalists before the plane took off so stories could be filed.
"We believe strongly that we won tonight," Mr Fallon said. Based on their internal calculations and an app that reported turnout levels and delegate allocations, the Clinton camp said they had already determined they had 22 delegates, one more than Sanders, and that the finally tally would allocate the remaining delegate to Mrs Clinton.
"So while there are still a few precincts remaining the only candidate who can emerge from tonight's caucuses with a win is Hilary Clinton."
When the plane landed at Manchester airport in New Hampshire just before 5am and campaign aides sitting at the front of the plane were able to log into their emails, cheers erupted as they read the news that the final tally had come in from the Iowa Democratic party, in favour of Mrs Clinton. Her two-delegate lead over Mr Sanders is the same as Mr Obama's lead in 2008.
But for a candidate with such a formidable resume running against a self-declared socialist from Vermont, the race for the nomination should be a walk in the park.
Increasingly since late last year, the expectation is that this will be a long hard slog because Mr Sanders has tapped into a sentiment among young voters and a desire for revolutionary change that Mrs Clinton has not yet been able to channel.
Clinton aides also tried to highlight what could be an ominous sign for Mr Sanders who is counting heavily on caucus states to find a path to the nomination.
"Senator Sanders has been saying for weeks that if this caucus was a high turnout affair, he would win. He was wrong," said Mr Fallon.  The Clinton aides described Iowa as a left-leaning state that was tailor-made for Mr Sanders' strengths
Turnout was indeed high at 180,000 and it should have favoured Mr Sanders. This could spell trouble for him in future caucus states like Nevada. Mrs Clinton had once described caucuses as ''creatures of the parties' extreme''.
In southern states, Mr Sanders is trailing well behind and failing to connect with African-American voters. Mrs Clinton is banking on these more hospitable grounds to start picking large numbers of delegates to help her advance to the finish line for the nomination.
Republican vote, 99% reported:
Democratic vote, 99% reported:
Source: Associated Press, Iowa Republican Party, Iowa Democratic Party
US election: Iowa results map
But first, Mr Sanders is expected to win by a wide margin in the Granite state. So why is Mrs Clinton even bothering to campaign here?
Perhaps because in 2008, this was the state that gave her a morale boost after her Iowa defeat. She won by two points after polls had showed her trailing well behind Mr Obama.
No one in the Clinton camp expects to win New Hampshire, Mr Sanders' backyard and a state where 44% of voters identify as independent. Although he is running for the Democratic nomination, Mr Sanders is the longest serving independent member of congress.
If Mrs Clinton had hoped for a boost in New Hampshire from a sizeable win in Iowa, she will now spend the rest of the week assiduously trying to narrow the gap with her opponent in what is now a two-horse race after former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley dropped out on Monday night.
"She loves New Hampshire, she's really excited to be here and it's part of the primary process and she's going to march through each part of it and try to win everywhere," said Ms Palmieri.
Pressed about Mr Sanders not yet conceding Iowa, Ms Palmieri replied tersely: "We won."

During the 19th and early 20th Century, emigrants from Wales settled here, hoping to create a haven for their language, culture and faith.
Today, the town of Gaiman in the east is where the link with Wales is at its most visible. Homes and businesses have Welsh names and display Welsh flags. And it's here you'll find the highest concentration of Welsh speakers in the region.
Ana Chiabrando Rees's family started the first Welsh tearoom in the town in 1944.
Mountains of bread and butter and cakes are served alongside large pots of tea.
"Tearooms are very important here," she says, "Everyone in the country knows about them."
"I love Welsh history and I love telling people about it."
The tearooms are an example of the commercial value of the Welsh connection in Patagonia.
Gaiman attracts tourists in their thousands every year, mainly from Argentina but also "from all across the world", Ana explains.
"If they know about Wales they come and say 'oh, wow this is like Wales!'  If not they like it here because it's different," she says.
Anna's ancestors were Welsh settlers. She has learnt Welsh and describes it as "the language of my heart".
It was 150 years ago on 28 July when about 160 Welsh emigrants arrived in Argentina aboard the Mimosa tea-clipper.
But not everyone who runs a traditional Welsh tearoom here has links with Wales. They are running successful businesses in a place where 'Welshness' sells.
Gaiman's mayor, Gabriel Restucha, a Welsh speaker himself, says the town's economy owes a great deal to its heritage.
"Of course the tourist side of things helps us a lot," he said.
"That's why we've been fixing an historic tunnel, doing something with the old railway.
"If I'm elected mayor again next year I want to keep on strengthening the links with Wales and our history."

An inquiry official said there was "significant overlap" between its investigation and criminal proceedings, which could cause prejudice in court.
Lord Janner's family are calling for the "deeply flawed" inquiry into him to be dropped.
Labour said the whole abuse inquiry was facing a "crisis of credibility", but the PM said she had confidence in it.
Lord Janner died before a court could examine 22 allegations against him of sex offences against boys between the 1960s and 1980s.
Leicestershire Police are still investigating other men, who have also been accused by those who made allegations against Lord Janner.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission is also investigating the way the Janner case was dealt with by police.
The IICSA had been due to start public hearings on 7 March but officials say these need to be delayed because they might involve alleged victims of Lord Janner who also have to give evidence in other investigations.
The IICSA said in a statement that it wanted to "avoid potential issues around witness overlap" with police and the IPCC, but was still committed to holding oral hearings.
Lord Janner's son, Daniel Janner QC, said the delayed hearings were part of a "deeply flawed and disgracefully unfair strand" of the inquiry and they should be dropped.
"The correct place for justice is a court of law and not the inquiry, where proper cross-examination of false allegations is not allowed," he added.
"My father has been silenced through death and so any pretence at fairness or justice is a farce."
The IICSA was set up to examine whether public bodies, including the police, had failed in their duty to protect children from sexual abuse and to examine allegations of abuse involving "well-known people".
The inquiry has suffered a series of setbacks, including resignations of three chairwomen and senior lawyers.
On Wednesday, another of the lawyers involved, Aileen McColgan, quit amid concerns about the inquiry's leadership.
It is now on its fourth chairwoman after Professor Alexis Jay, who led the Rotherham child abuse inquiry, replaced New Zealand judge Dame Lowell Goddard in August.
Shadow home secretary Diane Abbott said Prime Minister Theresa May and Home Secretary Amber Rudd needed to explain to MPs what was going wrong.
"The inquiry was established by Theresa May and it clearly isn't working," she said.
"The victims of child sex abuse have put their faith in this inquiry. The very least they deserve is some openness from government and an explanation for what is going on."
Earlier, Labour's Yvette Cooper said the home affairs select committee, which she chairs, had contacted the lawyers who had left and Lowell Goddard to learn what had gone wrong with the investigation.
"What's unclear is how much this has been about legacy problems - and clearly some personality issues - and whether there have also been structural issues over the last two years, or whether there are ongoing problems for the future," she told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
The inquiry's third chairman, Lowell Goddard, resigned in August. She has instructed lawyers to fight newspaper claims that she had made racist remarks.
Professor Jay has also been under criticism from survivors' groups because of her background in social work - a profession they say has failed them.
At Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday, Mrs May said it was important the inquiry continued and that she had "full confidence" in Prof Jay and her ability to lead it.
Meanwhile, the Independent Police Complaints Commission has confirmed it is investigating the conduct of five officers linked to the Met's Operation Midland investigation into paedophile allegations against VIPs - which closed in March without a single arrest or charge.
They range from a deputy assistant commissioner to a detective sergeant.
One of them will also be investigated over his involvement in Operation Vicente - which looked into allegations made about the late Sir Leon Brittan.
This IPCC investigation is separate from the one looking into the handling of the Lord Janner case.
An independent review of Operation Midland by Sir Richard Henriques, released last week, found "numerous errors".
Operation Midland was launched after claims that boys had been sexually abused by a group of powerful men from politics, the military and law enforcement agencies at locations across southern England and in London in the 1970s and 1980s.
It relied heavily on evidence from a complainant known by the pseudonym "Nick", who is now being investigated by the Met for allegedly attempting to pervert the course of justice.

He took charge of the 2015 Scottish League Cup final between Celtic and Dundee United.
This will be his first time refereeing the Scottish Cup final, having been the fourth official when Hibernian beat Rangers in last year's match.
Madden will be assisted by Frank Connor and Graeme Stewart, with John McKendrick as fourth official.
Steven McLean and Nick Walsh will be the additional assistant referees.
Celtic are seeking a domestic treble after retaining the Scottish Premiership title and lifting the League Cup.
The Dons have secured the runners-up spot in the league and lost to Celtic in November's League Cup final.

The pop star was suffering from dilated cardiomyopathy with myocarditis and fatty liver, according to Darren Salter, senior coroner for Oxfordshire.
The singer died aged 53 on Christmas Day at his home in Goring-on-Thames, Oxfordshire.
Because there was a "natural cause of death", the coroner said there was no need for an inquest.
Thames Valley Police originally said his death was unexplained but not suspicious and an initial post-mortem examination was "inconclusive".
On Tuesday, the coroner said in a statement: "Inquiries into the death of George Michael have been concluded and the final post-mortem report received.
"As there is a confirmed natural cause of death, being dilated cardiomyopathy with myocarditis and fatty liver, the investigation is being discontinued and there is no need for an inquest or any further enquiries.
"No further updates will be provided and the family requests the media and public respect their privacy."
By Michelle Roberts, BBC News online health editor
The medical terms used on death certificates outline the cause of death, but not all the risk factors that have led up to it.
George Michael's lists three conditions: dilated cardiomyopathy, myocarditis and fatty liver.
This means his heart was enlarged, weakened and inflamed. The muscle wasn't doing the job of pumping blood as well as it should have.
His liver was also abnormal, containing unhealthy collections of fat. There are many possible causes for this - heavy alcohol use is one.
At the weekend, the singer's former partner Kenny Goss was quoted as saying: "I think his body just gave up. All these years, it was just weak."
He told The Sunday Mirror: "We just want closure, we want the funeral to happen, it's been a long time now."
Fadi Fawaz, the singer's partner at the time of his death, told the Telegraph in late December he had found the star "lying peacefully in bed".
After the cause of death was revealed on Tuesday, Fawaz responded to weeks of speculation by posting a photo of himself with Michael on Twitter along with the words: "The Truth is out..."
Following the coroner's statement, Thames Valley Police said it had closed its investigation into Michael's death.
"As the cause of death was natural, no further action is proposed or required," it said.
Michael made his name with pop group Wham! in the 1980s and went on to enjoy huge success as a solo performer.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.

Prop Moon, 27, who helped Chiefs win promotion to the Premiership in 2010 and has since made 120 top-flight appearances, signs a three-year deal.
Fellow prop Rimmer, 30, has penned a two-year contract, having played 15 times this season.
Hooker Malton, 27, signs a one-year deal after his first Exeter Premiership start, against Worcester on Saturday.
"All of the re-signings we're making at the moment, we genuinely see them as good players," head coach Rob Baxter told BBC Radio Devon.
"They've all done well in the Premiership and European competition, and yet we still see us and them individually progressing."

A man took a set of car keys from a property at Downshire Hall in Hillsborough early on Saturday but was disturbed when he tried to drive off.
He moved on to nearby Gloucester Park, where he unsuccessfully tried to smash the front door of a house with a large brick.
He then broke into a house at Abercorn Drive. He stole car keys and drove off but later crashed into a wall.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of driving while unfit, burglary and attempted burglary.
Police have appealed for information.

22 May 2014 Last updated at 01:38 BST
Holly Lodge Girls' College has captured events including sports days, school plays and a trip to Nazi Germany, where pupils watched the Hitler Youth taking part in a tug-of-war.
The archive will be catalogued by Liverpool Central Library so it can be made available to the public, reports Lindsey Prosser for North West Tonight.

Ms Robison made her pledge in response to a question by SNP MSP James Dornan.
Last week the Court of Session in Edinburgh ruled that the policy, backed by MSPs four years ago, did not breach European law.
The case was brought by the Scotch Whisky Association which has the right to appeal the court's decision.
Under the plan, a price of 50p per unit of alcohol would be set, taking a bottle of spirits to at least Â£14.
The Scottish government believed minimum pricing would help address Scotland's "unhealthy relationship with drink".
Asked by Mr Dornan what the government's next step would be following the Court of Session ruling, Ms Robison said: "The Scottish government intends to implement minimum unit pricing as soon as possible - the order bringing minimum pricing in must first be laid in draft in the Scottish Parliament for approval before it can be made by Scottish ministers."
She did not elaborate on what that timetable would be.
However, Ms Robison urged the Scotch Whisky Association not to take the matter back to the appeal courts.
She said: "While we respect the right of the Scotch Whisky Association to seek permission to appeal the judgement I hope it will accept it, enabling us to get on with implementing this life-saving policy."

The state news agency, BNA, said the group plotted to attack "policemen... vital sites and security locations, including an embassy".
Bahrain human rights groups condemned the "unfair trial" and sentences.
The Gulf state has seen sporadic unrest since putting down mass Shia-led protests in 2011.
In the latest case the defendants were given sentences ranging from three years to life in prison. Activists said minors were among those jailed. Four people were acquitted.
Among the group's targets, the Gulf Daily News reported, were the Saudi embassy in Manama and the King Fahd Causeway connecting Bahrain and Saudi Arabia.
The court alleged that those on trial were funded by the main Shia opposition group, al-Wefaq, and a banned association, al-Wafa (Fidelity).
In a statement, two Bahrain advocacy groups said that nine of those found guilty were under the age of 18.
"Bahrain's politicised courts are disenfranchising an entire generation of Bahrainis with unfair imprisonment," said Husain Abdulla, of Americans for Democracy and Human Rights in Bahrain.
Bahrain was hit by an uprising in 2011 in which the Shia majority demanded democratic reforms from the Sunni-led government. Since then, protests have been more intermittent, following a crackdown.
In January, Bahrain stripped citizenship from 72 people on the grounds of damaging national security.

Ten thousand children were evacuated by parents desperate to get them to safety.  Acts of commemoration are taking place this week, but as survivors grow old, how should their stories be remembered? BBC Newsnight hears the stories of four of them.
I slept through the actual night of Kristallnacht and in the morning as I walked onto the streets there was glass everywhere, and crowds, and I realised something very sensational had happened.
There were Nazis standing around in uniform and big smears all over the walls saying "Die, Jews" and so forth. And through all of this I walked to the school.
It was from Kristallnacht on that the Kindertransport started.
I don't remember my parents discussing the decision to send me, although they must have. My father was abroad at that time because Jews had been made to leave their businesses, and my father had transferred his truck business from Danzig [now Gdansk] across the border into Poland.
My mother had two sisters and her mother living in London at that time, so it was arranged that I would be taken in by my mother's family.
My group was the last of three that left Danzig. I was one of 18 children, and we travelled for three days, passing through Berlin, at Friedrichstrasse station, with a Gestapo guy who accompanied us, and a member of the Jewish community who took us all the way to London.
In Berlin we had arrived at around four or five in the morning, and an aunt of mine was standing in the station with bananas for all the children because she had heard that we were passing through.
The Gestapo guy got off at the railway station at the border between Holland and Germany, and we then went on to the Hook of Holland, and from there by ferry to Harwich and from Harwich to Liverpool Street station in London.
By the time we arrived in Liverpool Street we had been sleepless for three days and three nights and we arrived totally disorientated. We were hungry and didn't know the language, and it was a strange world to us.
There was a mixture of emotions, a combination of excitement at being in a strange place and of sadness at having parted with one's parents. We weren't aware, and I think maybe many parents weren't quite aware, that this was the last parting ever, because of course the [concentration] camps had not been built.
That's what I wanted to show in the sculpture that I did for Liverpool Street station - disorientated, tired, slightly elated, somewhat depressed, bewildered children coming into a wartime England not knowing a word of the language, I wanted to show it the way I remember it was.
My mother's two sisters were at Liverpool Street station and off I went. Others were taken in by people who had previously agreed to accept children to their homes. Where there was no place for the children in homes, they were taken to some kind of hostel.
One of my aunts was married to a Bavarian doctor who had resettled a year or two before and had a practice in Harley Street. They lived with my grandmother, so there was my mother's sister, her husband, their son and my grandmother.
When my parents said goodbye to me on the platform, my father said: "Whatever happens, study, go to university," which I tried to do and did. That's the advice I got, and for better or worse I carried it out.
I had to learn English first, for which I got private lessons, and then was accepted into a boarding school in north London.
In terms of what was happening back home during the war, I think the British government suppressed a great deal of what they knew concerning the concentration camps. They had their own reasons to underplay this, but the German refugees here knew all about it.
The rumours were rife there, and people knew what was happening in Auschwitz and in Buchenwald, that something terrible was happening there, which the British authorities did not want known.
I remember being taken by the school to a play in the West End, and it was in the middle of the play that I was sitting there with all the other students, when I suddenly said to myself: "I'm an orphan."
I suddenly realised that the chances of my parents still being alive after what I had heard were minimal. I don't know why it came to me in the theatre, but I remember sitting there in that chair and coming to that understanding.
I got the confirmation of this from the Red Cross after the war, and also from my father's brother, who had survived and had himself passed through Poland during the war and looked for them.
When I try to piece together what there would be in common between all of us who were on the Kindertransport, it would be that, as I wrote in a book, we entered the train in Danzig as children; we disembarked in Liverpool Street Station as adults, because we were now responsible for our own lives.
We experienced too much too soon. I think that probably is the epitaph of our youth.
There are a number of things that often play in the back of my mind as I think about the transports, the feeling that parents must have had to make that decision to send their child away; added to that, the promise of "we'll see you again shortly, hopefully", which of course in many cases never occurred.
I was a young child and I cannot remember my reaction to being told I was going abroad. I know my parents made me a promise. They promised me a suit with long trousers, because in those days boys wore shorts only, when I had my bar mitzvah.
But of course the promise was unfulfilled as they didn't survive.
I cannot remember much of how I felt at my time of leaving for England. It's almost like a curtain came down and blacked it all out.
I didn't know the language except one sentence. Interestingly my parents taught me a sentence in English, which was: "I'm hungry, may I have a piece of bread?", or words to that effect, which I've fortunately never had to use.
All of the children were allowed only one small piece of luggage. I still don't know to this day why, but I was able to take two cases with me: an ordinary big case and an old-fashioned trunk.
I had clothes and a hairbrush, which mother packed to make sure that her darling little son kept his hair tidy, and a shoe bag and other bits.
Father would have probably left most of the packing to mother, but he ensured that I took things that were important from a Jewish point of view. He came from an Orthodox Jewish home and he made sure that I had prayer books. And there was a photo album that was given to me, a little tiny one.
I don't really remember saying goodbye to my father and sister. My mother came with me to Hamburg and we boarded the liner and I said goodbye to her there.
When I got to England I was sent to Margate, where I lived in a group of 50 youngsters up to the age of about 16 or 17. I was the youngest. I learned English and learned to play games which I'd never heard of, such as hopscotch.
I was lazy when it came to writing to my parents, and also I had to choose whether I would use my pocket money to buy sweets or stamps, but I did write and I got letters back.
Unfortunately I destroyed all those letters when war broke out. An older child said: "You can't keep those, if the Germans come here it's no good," so sadly I destroyed all my parents' letters.
Once the war broke out there was no further communication. Around about 1942-43 we tried to contact them via the Red Cross, as a number of people did, but we heard nothing, as by that time they were no longer alive.
My father died in January 1942 and my mother in the March. I heard about my parents' death in 1945. My sister met me from school and told me and I just went on with my life. There was nothing much more I could do and that was that.
I'd already sort of lived with the loss in my own mind because I'd not heard from them since the war began.
I remember it was night when we went to the railway station because, I think, they didn't want the population to know what they were doing.
In a way I didn't understand it all. I wasn't stupid or anything, but it was just a thing that you couldn't comprehend. I remember my father telling me that I would like it in England because I would be able to ride the horses, but the reality wasn't like that at all.
The journey was such a blur. On the boat we had bunks because we crossed in the night. I remember going to the toilet, and when I was out of the compartment I cried and one of the helpers who was on the journey said: "Don't do that, you'll set the young ones off."
When we arrived in England we stayed overnight in London with the uncle of Eve, the friend I had travelled with. In the morning we took a train to Hinckley in Leicestershire, where we were both due to go.
I remember my foster parents coming in. He wore a bowler hat, which he took off. He was quite an elderly gentleman and she was a fairly stern-looking lady.
I don't know whether they were just the type of people who didn't hug or kiss or anything. I can't ever remember being hugged, you know? Of course we couldn't talk together either, which I suppose was a hindrance.
I went to school for a couple of years, and my foster parents went to work, both of them.
I was basically a maid, hoovering and polishing and washing up, and I was a young pair of legs for going shopping.
Then of course we come to the time when I left school at 14. On the very next Monday I was introduced to my first factory job, where I promptly ran the needle of the sewing machine through my thumb. I don't think I lasted very long in that factory.
But then there was always another one. And so it went until I was 18, when I decided to leave my foster parents. I took lodgings with one of my workmates.
Until I left my foster parents, I was sort of continuously homesick, and it's a horrible feeling. You know, it was always there.
We didn't part on terribly good terms, because I think they thought I would live there for ever. I suppose they were fond of me. I just don't know.
It was a matter of luck who you went to and I just wasn't that lucky. But then again you've got to think that they saved my life.
I came to England in April 1939 and I was five and a bit years old. The passport I travelled on was issued by the German Reich, and on the front page there was a J in red to designate that I'm Jewish.
My father was a doctor and he had his practice near the showbiz part of Vienna. My mother worked as a dancer in one of the theatres and she went to him as a patient and they fell in love. Since she wasn't Jewish, she converted.
I don't remember getting on the train, but I do remember the train stopping and people coming in and giving us a sweet drink and then we carried on.
First I stayed with quite a strict family. I recall silly things, like having to wear a straw bonnet and being forced to make my own bed with hospital corners. I don't think I stayed there that long. It probably wasn't more than a year or so, and then I moved to Cambridge.
I remember at one point a card coming from my parents, and rushing down the stairs and then being quite emotional. I think that must have been the first contact then, since I remember it as an event.
In Cambridge I moved to a very nice family. They had a son about the same age as I was, a beautiful house and a big dog, and I started school. I think the family would ideally have adopted me because they had a boy and I was a girl, but then the mother had to go into hospital to have an operation and so I went to another family in Cambridge.
After that I was in a hostel and another family, until eventually I moved to stay with my uncle from Moravia and his family, who had settled in Hartlepool.
The refugee committee hadn't wanted me to go to them until they had a stable set-up, but when they became established in West Hartlepool and my uncle got a steady job as a teacher I was allowed to have a holiday with them there to see how I liked it.
I had a lovely holiday and my aunt said to me: "You know you're going back now, but when you come back it will be for ever," and so it was.
My mother was working in a factory during the war and she was killed when it was bombed. I felt sad, but I didn't really know her. I just sort of had flashes of memory of her.
My father managed to survive the war and in 1948 he came over, full of hope, to see his only child, but it was quite a traumatic experience because I'd more or less got a new father. Things did thaw during his stay but it was quite hard because for him it was a continuation, but for me it was something new.
I was all geared up to go to Vienna the following year, but unfortunately in the February of that year he had a massive heart attack and died.

Thursday was declared a public holiday to allow supporters of the 89-year-old to attend the inauguration.
The ceremony had been delayed by a court petition filed by his main rival, Morgan Tsvangirai, over allegations of widespread electoral fraud.
But the Constitutional Court dismissed the case, declaring Mr Mugabe's re-election "free, fair and credible".
Mr Mugabe won with 61% of the presidential vote against 34% for Mr Tsvangirai on 31 July.
By Nomsa MasekoBBC News, Harare
Robert Mugabe's inauguration was witnessed by thousands of jubilant supporters and invited guests in Zimbabwe's biggest sports stadium on the outskirts of Harare, amid tight security. Many former heads of state and deputy presidents attended the event, but tellingly very few of the continent's current leaders.
This is perhaps a tacit acknowledgement of the concerns which have been raised around Zimbabwe's disputed election, in which Mr Mugabe emerged victorious with more than 60% of the ballot.
There were loud cheers from the veteran leader's supporters when he read out his oath. In his inaugural speech, Mr Mugabe attacked Western nations for refusing to accept the election results and took a swipe at his main rival, MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai, describing him as a "sore loser". He also made time to speak out against homosexuality, saying it was a filthy disease that destroys nations.
Zanu-PF is now firmly in control and the party has vowed to press ahead with its economic empowerment policy, which seeks to take over foreign-owned businesses. Zimbabwe will be closely watched in the weeks and months to come.
The elections ended a fragile power-sharing government formed by the two men in 2009 under pressure from regional leaders following elections the year before marred by violence and allegations of electoral fraud.
Outgoing prime minister and opposition leader Mr Tsvangirai said he would not be attending the inauguration ceremony.
"Expecting Tsvangirai to attend the inauguration is like expecting a victim of robbery to attend a party hosted by the robber," his spokesman, Luke Tamborinyoka, told AFP.
The BBC's Brian Hungwe in the capital, Harare, says there was an air of excitement at the national sports stadium for inauguration ceremony, with free fizzy drinks and T-shirts reading "Mugabe fearless revolutionary" being given to the crowds.
One of the banners in the stadium read: "It's Africa versus Europe with Zimbabwe as the new battlefront."
There were loud cheers from the thousands of his supporters when he read out his oath, pledging to "observe, defend and uphold the constitution of Zimbabwe".
In his inaugural speech, Mr Mugabe attacked Western nations for refusing to accept the election - the UK and US have expressed concerns about the vote, and the US has refused to remove targeted sanctions against certain individuals and companies until further political reforms are made.
"These Western countries hold a different negative view of the electoral process. Well, there's nothing we can do about their moral turpitude,'' the Associated Press news agency quoted Mr Mugabe as saying.
"We are not curtsying or bowing to any foreign government, however powerful it is or whatever filthy lucre it flaunts.
A guide to rigging allegations
"We abide by the judgment of Africa. America dares raise a censorious voice to contradict Africa's verdict. Who gave them the gift of seeing better than all of us?'' Mr Mugabe said.
The African Union has said that any irregularities were not enough to overturn the margin of victory.
"I have grave concerns over the conduct of the election, and the flaws highlighted in the South African Development Community (Sadc) and African Union observation missions' initial assessments," UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement on Thursday ahead of the inauguration.
"There is strong evidence that these elections fell short of Sadc's own guidelines and the Zimbabwean electoral law. As such, we are concerned about the potential implications for the region."
It was critical that reforms advanced under the power-sharing government were not lost, he added.
In his speech, Mr Mugabe promised to continue with controversial economic reforms which will force all companies to cede economic control to black Zimbabweans.
"The mining sector will be the centrepiece of our economic recovery and growth. It should generate growth spurts across sector, reignite that economic miracle which must now happen," the AFP news agency quoted him as saying.
Mr Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) lost two court cases related to fraud claims in last month's disputed elections. Rulings were issued despite the MDC withdrawing its case saying it would not get a fair hearing.
The party alleged that more than a million voters were prevented from casting their ballots in polling stations, mostly in the capital and urban areas considered to be MDC strongholds.
The Zimbabwe Election Support Network, which placed 7,000 observers around the country, has also judged the election flawed.
MDC officials have indicated they are unwilling to continue their partnership government with Zanu-PF.
Mr Mugabe will serve another five-year term. Under the new constitution approved in a referendum earlier this year, he will be able to serve another term after this.
The 89-year-old politician served as Zimbabwe's first post-independence prime minister between 1980 and 1987, and has held office as president ever since.

Jeffrey Blue told the court Newcastle United's owner reneged on a promise to pay him a multimillion-pound sum if he increased the firm's share price.
The court heard about "drink-fuelled" meetings in pubs, including one where Mr Ashley "vomited into a fireplace".
Mr Ashley's lawyers said he had won a "comprehensive" victory.
The hearing was told that four years ago Mr Ashley met Mr Blue and three other finance specialists at the Horse and Groom in London and "consumed a lot of alcohol".
Mr Ashley said: "I can't remember the details of the conversations that we had in the pub as it was a heavy night of drinking.
"If I did say to Mr Blue that I would pay him £15m if he could increase [Sports Direct's] share price to £8, it would be obvious to everyone, including Mr Blue, that I wasn't being serious."
He said he paid Mr Blue £1m in "other deals" unrelated to the Horse and Groom meeting.
Mr Blue described Mr Ashley as a "serious businessman", but said the work ethic at Derbyshire-based Sports Direct was "like nothing else I have ever seen" with business conducted "in unorthodox ways and in unusual venues".
The £14m High Court case between Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley and a banker offered a revealing insight into how business is done in some quarters.
Stories of monster drinking sessions, kebabs and vomiting into a fireplace emerged as financial expert Jeffrey Blue tried get Ashley to cough up.
He claimed the Sports Direct founder had promised him the money in a deal struck in a pub, but Ashley said the conversation was no more than a joke.
And a judge has now agreed no-one could have thought he was being serious.
The judge said that during the Horse and Groom meeting Mr Ashley promised him £15m, but Sports Direct chairman Keith Hellawell said Mr Blue only mentioned the figure of £1m to him.
Ruling in Mr Ashley's favour, judge Justice Leggatt said: "No reasonable person present... would have thought that the offer to pay Mr Blue £15m was serious and was intended to create a contract.
"They all thought it was a joke. The fact that Mr Blue has since convinced himself that the offer was a serious one, and that a legally binding agreement was made, shows only that the human capacity for wishful thinking knows few bounds."
He ordered that Mr Blue would have to pick up Mr Ashley's legal bill of £1.5m, as well as his own of "one million odd".
In a statement after the ruling Mr Ashley said: "The only reason the Sports Direct share price exceeded £8, and will hopefully do so again, is because of the sterling efforts of all the people who work at Sports Direct."

The 24-year-old has played 41 international matches in all formats.
He has been particularly effective in T20, with 21 wickets at 14.47 and a strike-rate of a wicket every 13 balls.
"In the last year or so I have definitely been a lot more successful in the T20 stuff than in the other stuff," he told BBC Radio Nottingham.
"But in the last six months I have been finding my way in the four-stuff and one-dayers.
"In the future I would love to come over and play all the forms. At this stage the T20 is the main focus. It is still a wee, wee way away but I will continue to look to hone my T20 skills and try to be in tip-top condition when I come over."
Sodhi says playing in England is a "great opportunity" with the 2019 World Cup in mind.
"It's great to play at these grounds where I will potentially play a World Cup, which I am targeting," he said.
"It will be great to get used to conditions. The opportunity came up and I will try to grab it with both hands."
Sodhi will be the second of two overseas players at Trent Bridge, with Australian all-rounder Dan Christian returning after being a member of the side that won nine matches in a row in 2016 to reach T20 Finals Day.
"It's a fantastic competition and I am big fan of Finals Day," he added. "We get most of the live stuff back here. It's a great concept playing two T20 games in a day - it is not something we get over here.
"In T20 sometimes being instinctive and being on a roll, the quicker you do things the better."

In a remarkable climax to the Ligue 2 season, the top six were separated by three points before Friday's games.
Amiens were set to finish sixth - and not even make the play-offs - when Emmanuel Bourgaud scored a 96th-minute winner at Reims to trigger a pitch invasion from club officials and players.
Club president Bernard Joannin said: "It is an extraordinary moment.
"I saw a fighting team again. At the start of the season, our ambition was to stay up - and now we are in Ligue 1.
"Football is a play every Friday night. We gave this evening an extraordinary drama."
Joannin also said that he had offered new French president Emmanuel Macron - born in Amiens - a signed shirt before the game which had brought them both luck.
Strasbourg sealed the title after a 2-1 home win over Bourg en Bresse.
Third-placed Troyes came from two goals down to beat Sochaux 3-2 but Bourgaud's late goal for Amiens means they now face a play-off against the side who finish 18th in Ligue 1 following the final round of top-flight games on Saturday.
Both Strasbourg and Amiens have now won back-to-back promotions, with the latter having never played top-flight football during their 116-year history.
It is also a fourth promotion in six years for Strasbourg, who return to Ligue 1 for the first time since 2008, having entered liquidation in 2011 and been placed in the fifth tier.
Final-round results
Strasbourg 2-1 Bourg-en-Bresse
Reims 1-2 Amiens
Sochaux 2-3 Troyes
Lens 3-1 Niort
Brest 6-2 Ajaccio
Laval 1-2 Nimes

The Homeland and Billions star, who had been feeling ill for days, was taken to an emergency doctor hours before the show to discover he had a perforated ear drum.
"There was this awful cold that was passed around the company in the last four or five weeks and I held out until about four days ago," the actor told the BBC on Wednesday night.
"I had this awful streaming cold. The catarrh all transferred into my ear," he said.
"I went to an emergency doctor at about three o'clock and he had a look in there and said 'you've got a great big hole in your ear drum and you've got an infection of the middle ear'."
But Lewis, who was worried the infection might affect his balance, decided the show must go on.
"There was one point in act three where I had to hold on to a chair because I was going to pass out," he said.
Not that anyone would have guessed - the reviews for The Goat have been mainly positive, with The Guardian awarding five stars.
The play, written by the late Edward Albee and directed by Ian Rickson, tells the bizarre story of 50-year-old married architect Martin, who has an affair with a goat.
Sophie Okonedo plays Martin's wife Stevie, who is understandably none too impressed her husband is professing his love for a farmyard animal.
The actress admitted after the show that she'd given Lewis the cold.
"He caught it from me," she said. "I had it all last week and I lost my voice completely on the first night. I was croaking all the way through. He was really ill tonight, poor thing."
Okonedo described The Goat as an "extraordinary modern transgressive piece" about different types of love.
"I found it really shocking when I read it. It left me breathless. And it's really hard to be shocked in the theatre these days. I thought I had to do it because I had such a strong reaction to it."
Lewis said he felt that now was a good time to revive the play in London.
"We feel more uncertainty and absurdity in our politics at the moment - both here and in the US - and this is a play where something drops out of the blue sky," he said.
"It's utterly shocking, it's unexpected, and it causes great uncertainty and not a little trauma. And it feels a little bit like what we're experiencing now. I think we're all feeling a bit battered at the moment."
But not perhaps as battered as Damian's ear drum.
The Goat, or Who Is Sylvia? is at the Theatre Royal Haymarket until 24 June.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.

The all-conquering Gunners had sealed the Women's Super League title before their game against Doncaster Rovers Belles kicked off.
Our top priority every season is to win the league, so it's job done there
Second-placed Bimingham City needed to beat Bristol Academy earlier in the day but could only draw 2-2.
Arsenal then celebrated their ninth-straight league triumph by beating the Belles 3-2 to maintain the WSL's only unbeaten record.
With one game left, the Blues should finish runners-up. They are three points ahead of Everton with a vastly superior goal difference.
"We're delighted to have won the league again and it's great to have done it at home," said Arsenal boss Laura Harvey. "Our top priority every season is to win the league, so it's job done there, but we've now got three big games coming up so we have to keep our focus.
"We've got Barcelona in the Champions League, followed by Birmingham in our last league game and then Blues again in the Continental Cup. We beat them in the Continental Cup final last year and aim to do it again."
Two first-half own goals and a strike from Kelly Smith gave the Gunners victory over Doncaster.
Lyndsey Cunningham put through her own met on 16 minutes before Belles striker Aine O'Gorman levelled the scores with a 35-yard lob four minutes later. Arsenal then re-took the lead when Tanya Oxtoby headed into her own net on 32 minutes.
What proved the winner arrived in the 81st minute, substitute Smith racing on to a Kim Little throughball to shoot home.
Two minutes from time, Little reduced the arrears after goalkeeper Emma Byrne dropped the ball at her feet.
Birmingham made the best possible start in their lunchtime kick-off as they looked to keep Arsenal hanging on the for title. The visitors took the lead after just 58 seconds when Rachel Williams headed home.
Bristol drew level on 11 minutes when Spanish striker Laura Del Rio left defender Emily Westwood in her wake before chipping neatly into the top corner.
Blues should have added to their tally after being awarded a penalty in the 23rd minute. However, striker Jodie Taylor's spot-kick was brilliantly saved by Siobhan Chamberlain who pushed the ball past the post.
Defender Angharad James put the home side in front with a tremendous 20-yard drive four minutes after the restart, but Jade Moore forced home an equaliser from close range just six minutes later.
The home side began to build pressure, but Birmingham held firm to put the end-of-season runners-up spot firmly within their grasp.

It said its members working for the Scottish Ambulance Service in Skye, Lochaber and Caithness have told of days when the service was stretched.
Among the reasons is increasing use of ambulances for non-emergency transfers to hospital in Inverness, said Unite.
SAS said it was aware of "pressures" and was working with NHS Highland.
Unite regional officer Richard Whyte said the union's members have become "increasingly frustrated and concerned" about emergency ambulances being "routinely" used for long patient transfers to Raigmore Hospital in Inverness.
He said: "This should only be done as a last resort and when a medical reason requires it.
"However, it would seem that Highland communities are being left with drastically reduced emergency cover while crews transport patients to Inverness.
"Sometimes before the ambulances can return to their own communities, they are being sent to cover calls in the Inverness area."
Mr Whyte added: "Our workplace representatives have raised concerns with the management of the Scottish Ambulance Service about these problems, and about the length of working hours that sometimes results."
SAS said it was aware of pressures on inter-hospital transfers and was working on this with NHS Highland.
A spokesperson for the ambulance service said: "We are also aware of the need to keep emergency cover in the area.
"Calls are responded to based on patient need. This means sending patients the most appropriate response, which if they have an immediately life-threatening condition such as cardiac arrest will be the closest available resource.
"There is a range of responses we can send to emergencies, including air and land ambulances as well as first responders, and we continue to work closely with our partners and communities to ensure we deliver the safest and most effective service."
The spokesperson said that as part of a Â£5m additional investment in the service, it had recruited 12 staff into new posts across the Highland area since April last year.

When it comes to title races, things could hardly be tighter than they have been in the women's top-flight in recent years, with the league champions decided on the final day in both 2014 and 2015.
Chelsea start their title defence against newly-promoted Doncaster Rovers Belles, while Reading make a busy start to the season with an opening-week double header away from home, at Arsenal and then Sunderland.
BBC Sport examines what could be key moments for each club during the 2016 campaign.
Last season: Third
Fixture to watch: Manchester City (a), 28 March
BBC Sport's Tom Garry: The Gunners impressed on the road in 2015 and their first away game of 2016 will inject some early intrigue into the title race.
Pedro Martinez Losa's side travel to rivals Manchester City - a fixture in which they earned a vital 1-0 win last year, arguably costing City the title in the process.
Matches between the "big three" title contenders could sway the entire season and neither Arsenal nor City will want to slip up as early as March.
Last season: Sixth
Fixture to watch: Liverpool (a), 23 March
Birmingham City have been among the least active in the off-season transfer market, with manager David Parker saying it is "essential" the club produce home-grown talent.
Losing versatile England winger Karen Carney, who was the first woman inducted to Birmingham City's Hall of Fame, to champions Chelsea is a major blow.
Blues spent much of last season battling to avoid relegation. They eventually finished third from bottom ahead of Liverpool, and the opening-day test against a new-look Reds side could be insightful.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Last season: Champions
Fixture to watch: Reading (a), 11 September
BBC Sport's Tom Garry: One of the highest-profile stories of last season was Chelsea's signing of England striker Fran Kirby, 22, from her childhood club Reading.
Now, following her old side's promotion to the top flight, Kirby will make an emotional return to face the Royals in September.
Still adored by most Reading fans, will 'mini-Messi' find the net against her old side, at what will be a key time in the season for both clubs?
Last season: Promoted, second in WSL 2
Fixture to watch: Manchester City (a), 2 May
Doncaster Rovers Belles' demotion from WSL 1 to make way for Manchester City in 2014 was branded "scandalous" at the time, but it also proved to be the rebirth of one of the oldest clubs in the women's game in England.
The Belles have since faced Manchester City three times in the past two seasons in cup competitions and even beat them the first time they met in 2014.
A league meeting, however, will pack even more emotion for Doncaster on their return to the top flight.
Last season: Seventh
Fixture to watch: Arsenal (a), 31 July
There is nothing like a good build-up to generate excitement around a tasty fixture.
That is exactly what will happen when Liverpool travel to Arsenal in July, and come up against a side bolstered by the additions of two of the Reds' biggest stars - England international Fara Williams and Nigeria striker Asisat Oshoala.
To magnify the rivalry even further, the two previous WSL champions also meet on the last day of the season.
Last season: Second
Fixture to watch: Chelsea (a), 19 May
Manchester City have been a growing force in the women's game since their introduction to WSL 1 in 2014. Last season they finished second to Chelsea, two points off top spot.
Taking one win from their opening five league games last term ultimately cost them. This season, by the time they meet Chelsea in May - their sixth league game - City will want their title ambitions to be right on track.
Last season: Fifth
Fixture to watch: Chelsea (h), 6 November.
For a third successive season, Notts County could help decide the season on the final day - if it goes that far.
Chelsea, the defending champions and one of the favourites for the title in 2016, will make the trip to Meadow Lane on 6 November.
Notts faced a Manchester City side still in the title hunt on the last day of the 2015 campaign, while Birmingham City fell short of the title a year earlier following a 2-2 draw with Notts.
Last season: Promoted, WSL 2 champions
Fixture to watch: Arsenal (h), 27 April
Reading begin life in the top flight with three games away from home, starting with an opening-week double-header at Arsenal and Sunderland.
After facing Notts County at Meadow Lane, the Royals get to move into Adams Park for their first home game, which is against a Gunners side they will have already faced about a month earlier.
Last season: Fourth
Fixture to watch: Reading (h), 26 March
Sunderland were a sensation in their first season in WSL 1 in 2015, mixing it with the front-runners until July. That, however, is when their form slumped dramatically, as they failed to win any of their last eight games.
With that miserable run still hanging over them, the Lady Black Cats will be eager to get off to a winning start against newly promoted Reading.

Mayor of London Boris Johnson said: "This is just the first stage in an opening up of the Tube network to become 24 hours.
"For 150 years, the Tube has been the beating heart of London, its tunnels and tracks providing the arteries that have transported millions of people and helped to drive the development and economic growth of our great city."
But are others equally as positive?
No matter how this is dressed up by Boris Johnson and his officials, today's announcement is all about slashing almost Â£250 million from the annual London transport budget and the proposed cuts will decimate staffing levels and hit the most vulnerable users of Tube services the hardest.
"RMT's position remains the same. We will work with sister unions and the public to fight these plans and that means using every campaigning, political and industrial tool at our disposal and our executive will be looking at a timetable and a strategy for that campaign, including a ballot for industrial action, later today.
FSB London welcomes the new 24 hours Tube service at weekends and improvements to the reliability, capacity and accessibility of Tube services. London is a 24-hr international city and it should have a transport infrastructure to support the night time small business economy. However, whilst the 24-hour Tube service is a much-needed step forward, more needs to be done to address the problem of road congestion and the state of repair of roads in London.
We are horrified at London Underground's dangerous plans to cut staff from Tube stations. Thousands of disabled and older passengers rely on station staff to help us travel safely and independently. Many of us - particularly visually impaired people and those with a learning impairment - simply cannot use ticket machines.
When we first established the West End Commission at the start of this year, one of the major recommendations that came through was to run the Tube at later times at the weekend.
We are delighted that our work with businesses, Peter Hendy, and the TfL team has now made that a reality. The West End Partnership may be in its infancy but we are already getting results that will benefit the entire West End of London.
Later tubes = great. Closure of all ticket offices?! Idiocy of the highest order.
London is a modern, global city and it is only right that we should have a transport system that reflects this. We support the work that TfL has done in putting in place plans to extend the Tube which will further help us compete with other major cities.
The Mayor of London has today ripped up his manifesto promise to the people of London. As a result of his plans, Londoners will feel more anxious travelling at times when stations may be deserted.

The 21-year-old completed his move after the Lurgan Blues hammered Ballymena 6-1 on Saturday to go top of the standings on goal difference.
"He excites me - young, talented and can play on either wing or up front," said Glenavon boss Gary Hamilton.
"He's got pace, he's got energy. Josh is good at taking people on and making things happen in the final third."
Daniels came through the Candystripes reserve team and earned his first professional contract with Derry in 2013.
"Josh fits the bill of what we're looking for, we're trying to bring young players in and get a hungry squad," Hamilton told the club website.
"We have to thank Derry as well. Josh was looking away to get game time, to play football and, to be fair they've been very, very good with him.
"We've come to an agreement in terms of if we ever sell him on they'll get a percentage of it so it works for everybody.
"He's just excited to get involved but he knows himself he has to wait his chance because the boys are flying at the moment but hopefully we'll have another good young footballer on our hands."

The company describes the update as a "quantum leap forward", thanks to its revamped design and new features.
Android already has an 84.7% share of global smartphone shipments, according to research company IDC.
But engineering chief, Hiroshi Lockheimer, told the BBC that among his team's goals was making Android more appealing to the business sector.
"We've made a concerted effort around focusing on the enterprise-use case," he said.
"If you think about it most people only carry one device.
"The one device that they carry [should] work for various scenarios in their life -obviously for personal use, but also if they want to use it for corporate purposes.
"We wanted to make sure that Lollipop is designed in such way that corporations are happy to endorse it."
One example of this, he said, was the ability for a user to have both a personal and work "personality" on a single device - and the ability to switch "seamlessly" between them.
The two personalities would let apps access different sets of stored data, allowing the user's employer to monitor the contents of one partition but not the other.
Blackberry 10 and Samsung's Knox add-on for Android had previously pioneered this idea.
Mr Lockheimer added that making encryption of stored data the default setting would increase security.
And a new facility allowing Android to be put in "do not disturb" mode for a pre-determined period of time should minimise the risk of missing important calls or notifications after a meeting was over because the user forgot to switch off the setting.
"Given the decrease in market share of Blackberry, there is a big opportunity to gain enterprise customers," said Jack Kent, from the IHS consultancy.
"Apple has also been making a big play for that with the iPhone and iPad.
"Samsung had previously taken the lead with Android with its Knox security product, but it makes sense for Google to try to take the lead itself with what it's doing with Android Lollipop."
For most users, the stand-out change in Android Lollipop will be its new look.
Google calls its new paradigm "material design", and it places fresh emphasis on graphical animations and colour changes in response to the device owner's actions.
"The animations and ripples and things like that are eye candy, but at the same time there's a purpose to them. They give feedback to the customer that you've tapped here, and the software got it, and is doing something about it," said Mr Lockheimer.
"And when one thing moves from one side of the screen to the other it gives you a sense of place and that you're moving forwards in the screens, or up or down.
"These are very interesting visual cues to help the user understand what is happening in the software."
The card-based interface, introduced in the anticipatory search app Google Now, now plays a greater role.
Notifications adopt a card-like appearance on the lock screen, and the design is also used to deliver Google Search results and to switch from one app to another when multitasking.
Another change with notifications is that device owners can customise which types should rise to the top of the list presented to the user or conversely be prevented from appearing on the lock screen, to help device owners prevent information overload.
Furthermore, new notifications now appear at the top of a device's screen rather than covering its centre to avoid the interruption of other activities such as playing a video game.
Android Lollipop also introduces a new feature called "smart lock".
This allows users to set a location - such as their home, car or office desk - or Bluetooth device - such as a smart watch or work keyboard - as a trigger to disable the need to type in a password
Behind the scenes, Android Lollipop uses a different process to execute and compile code than before.
The switch, from Dalvik runtime to Art runtime, should mean that apps work slightly quicker and use less battery power if they are optimised for the new code.
It also means Android becomes capable of taking advantage of 64-bit processors, which have the potential of supporting more RAM memory than before.
Mr Lockheimer added that users should notice fewer glitches as a result of the move.
"There's this notion of what we call garbage collection - the system is managing the memory for you and once in a while it has to collect unused memory and free it up for applications," he explained.
"In the past, with Dalvik, garbage collection could actually take longer than it should have - I'm talking milliseconds, but in terms of a CPU [central processing unit] that's a long time.
"What that would result in were temporary glitches, like an animation jumping and not being quite as fluid as it needed to be.
"In Art we've optimised the runtime to make garbage collection very quick and the glitches much less common than before."
Google will release the software development kit and system images for Nexus 5 phones and Nexus 7 tablets on Friday via the Android developers site- allowing app creators to test their software.
On 3 November, Android Lollipop will become available to the public when the Nexus 9 and Nexus Player go on sale.
Other manufacturers and networks will have to test the software before they release it alongside updates of their own software for their machines.

Republican and Democratic leaders on the panel vowed to follow the intelligence "wherever it leads".
The investigation will look into Russia's cyber activity and intelligence practices.
Interviewees will include members of the current US administration and President-elect Donald Trump's team.
A statement, released by the committee late on Friday, said, "We believe that it is critical to have a full understanding of the scope of Russian intelligence activities impacting the United States."
The committee will examine whether there were any contacts between Russia and people associated with the US political campaigns.
It said subpoenas would be issued "if necessary to compel testimony".
The bulk of the work will be done behind closed doors, although the senators say they will hold open hearings when possible.
"The committee will follow the intelligence wherever it leads.  We will conduct this inquiry expeditiously, and we will get it right," said the statement.
The senators said they would produce both classified and unclassified reports on their findings.
The story behind Trump allegations
How the claims emerged
When presidents and spies fall out
President-elect Trump announced, on Twitter on Friday, that his team will also produce a "report on hacking" within 90 days.
It follows the released of an unproven dossier alleging that Russian security officials have compromising material on Mr Trump, which could make him vulnerable to blackmail.
The US president-elect said the claims were "fake news" and "phoney stuff".
The US released an unclassified intelligence report earlier this month, claiming that Russian President Vladimir Putin had ordered the hacking of Democratic Party emails to damage Mr Trump's Democrat rival, Hillary Clinton, and influence the election.
It also said Russia used state-funded propaganda and paid social media users, or "trolls", to launch online attacks.
In December, US President Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian diplomats from the country in response to the hacking allegations.
Russia says allegations that it ran a hacking campaign to influence the US presidential elections are "reminiscent of a witch-hunt".

Lutfur Rahman was found guilty of electoral fraud and told he must vacate his post last month.
The candidates for the election on 11 June include Andy Erlam, who led the legal fight to oust Mr Rahman.
Seven others will stand in the Stepney by-election after a councillor was also found guilty of corrupt practices.
The full list of candidates:
Residents have until 26 May to register for the poll.
Four voters alleged Mr Rahman used "corrupt and illegal practices" in last year's election, which led to an Election Commissioner declaring the poll void.
Mr Erlam is standing for the "anti-corruption" party Red Flag, while Labour have selected John Biggs, its defeated candidate in last year's mayoral election.
They will also face competition from Councillor Rabina Khan, who is a former member of Mr Rahman's Tower Hamlets First (THF) party, but will stand as an independent.
The list of candidates also includes Elaine Bagshaw for the Liberal Democrats, Nicholas McQueen for UKIP and Peter Golds for the Conservative party.
In the Stepney ward by-election, there are seven candidates including Sabina Akhtar for the Labour Party and Safiul Azam, for the Conservatives.
One of Mr Rahman's aides, Alibor Choudhury, who was the THF councillor for the Stepney ward, was also found guilty of corrupt and illegal practices and ordered to vacate his seat in April.
Mr Rahman, who founded the THF party, was found "personally" guilty of wrongdoing and "guilty by his agents" by Election Commissioner Richard Mawrey, who sat as a judge at an Election Court trial in London's High Court.
Mr Rahman's lawyers described the group of four's claims as invention, exaggeration and "in some cases downright deliberately false allegations" and he has said he will challenge the ruling.

Almost 40 organisations, including Macmillan Cancer Support and Marie Curie, want an independent commission to review how the system works.
They have written a letter to the PM, warning that there is "no room for complacency" and calling for an NHS that is "fit for purpose".
The Department of Health said it would be investing £10bn into the NHS.
The charities also highlight official figures which suggest that nearly a quarter of the population will be over the age of 65 in just over 20 years' time.
The letter to Mr Cameron says: "We need to ensure we have an NHS and social care system that is fit for purpose otherwise it is the elderly, disabled people and their carers who will bear the brunt of inaction.
"Bold long-term thinking is required about the size, shape and scope of services we want the NHS and social care to provide - and an honest debate about how much as a society we are prepared to pay for them.
"It is vital that you meet the challenge posed by an ageing society, and an underfunded care system, head on and establish a cross-party commission to review the future of health and social care in England."
Former health minister Norman Lamb has highlighted the view of experts that there could be a £30bn gap in NHS funding by 2020.
The Liberal Democrat MP has put forward proposals for an independent commission to review the future of the NHS and social care, which have been backed by former health secretaries Stephen Dorrell and Alan Milburn.
Simon Bottery, policy director at Independent Age, a charity for older people, said such a commission would be a "vital first move towards recognising that the health and care systems cannot work in isolation - only when they work effectively together can the needs of older people be met".
David Sinclair, director of the International Longevity Centre think tank, which examines issues around ageing and population, said the number of people aged 85 and older is expected to more than double to more than three million in the next 20 years.
"We need to start talking now, honestly and openly, about what standards of health and care older people can expect now and in the future," he added.
A Department of Health spokesman said it was aware that the NHS is "facing challenges as our population ages", but said the government was "absolutely committed" to its future, with plans to invest £10bn in it for the next five years.
"Since 2010, we have employed 10,100 extra doctors and 8,500 extra nurses and by 2020 the NHS will be a truly seven-day service offering the same world-class care every day of the week."

Mr Trudeau found former Prime Minister Stephen Harper's desk too large and asked for a replacement, sources told CBC News.
Staff retrieved his father's desk, which had been in storage for 15 years.
One reporter tweeted that Mr Harper's desk has been taken apart and moved into a warehouse.
Pierre Trudeau's former desk was also used by former Canadian Prime Ministers Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Lester Pearson, Jean Chretien and Paul Martin, CBC reports.
The long-time prime minister died in 2000 just shy of his 81st birthday after suffering from prostate cancer and Parkinson's disease.
His early popularity lead to the phrase "Trudeaumania".
But as Justin grew up he shied away from politics, becoming a teacher.
In 1998, his youngest brother Michel was killed in an avalanche in British Columbia. That tragedy forced him into the public spotlight and he became a spokesman for avalanche safety.
Following his father's death, he became more active in politics, gaining election as a Liberal member of parliament in 2008.

The locals of Halji village in Humla district of western Nepal practise the Drikung Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism, which has an 11th-Century monastery at its heart.
They are very worried that the Rinchenling monastery - one of the oldest in Nepal and highly revered in Tibet - could be swept away or damaged by floods and mudslides caused by the outburst of a glacial lake on the mountain overlooking their village.
For the past five years, Halji has been hit by glacial lake floods almost every summer and the last one, nearly two months ago, damaged two houses and swept away four horses.
Several crop fields were washed away and many remain covered with sands, rendering them barren for many years to come.
Villagers say the historic monastery now stands only around 15m away from the river bank that has been eroded by flood waters.
They fear the next time the Tak Tsho lake bursts like it did this year, it may hit the 1,000 year-old sacred site.
"It is our identity," said Kojuk Objang Tamang, the head of Halji village. "We cannot even imagine about our community without the monastery which is the base of our religious culture," he told the BBC.
So strong is the community's belief in the monastery that they are convinced that it has saved them from the floods and mudslides so far.
"It is because of the blessings of the monastery that the village is hit by floods at day time only and so there is no loss of human lives because we can run to safety during daylight," said Mr Tamang. "Had it happened in the night when we were asleep, God knows how many of us would have been dead by now.
Astrid Hovden of the University of Oslo, who has been conducting her PhD research in Halji, has witnessed how central the monastery is to the community of around 100 households.
"At the night of the flood (last June), after the water level in the river started to get back to normal, the monks performed an elaborate ritual in the monastery to pray for the safety of their village.
"Since the villagers became aware of the problem, they have invited important lamas (priests) from outside to perform rituals to protect their village."
Prayers apart, the villagers have also done whatever they could to save the monastery and their settlement.
Although almost all of them are uneducated, they have knocked on the doors of the prime minister's office in the capital Kathmandu, the local authority and the national planning commission.
Those efforts had secured some funding, which they used to build defences using rocks and gabion wires to tame the flood waters.
"Every family in our village worked free of cost for the construction of those infrastructures," says Tamang.
But villagers say that every year, the floods and mudslides hurtling down from the glacial lake - at a height of around 5,300m on the Gurla Mandhata mountain -  become increasingly dangerous.
"Our effort to save the village is proving to be no match for the force of the floods," said Mangal Lama, a social worker from the region.
Mr Lama and other locals said they hiked up to the area where the Tak Tsho lake is located and found that it is hidden behind a hanging glacier.
"We saw huge cracks on the glacier, and that explained why we used to hear big sounds around the same time in June every year before we were hit by floods.
"Apparently, it appears that the huge pieces of ice sheet from the cracked parts of the glacier might have fallen into the glacial lake which then overflowed, causing floods and mudslides downstream."
Some scientists say climate change has accelerated glacial meltdown in the Himalayas, creating many new glacial lakes and filling up existing ones to dangerous levels.
Most of the 4,000 or so glaciers and their lakes in the Nepalese Himalayas are not monitored, like the one above Halji in Humla district.
Nepal's National Adaptation Programme of Action, prepared under the United Nations climate convention, has rated the district's vulnerability to glacial lake outburst flood as "very low" - something which has been disputed.
Mr Lama said some villagers are so frustrated that they are considering going to Tibet across the border to become refugees.
"It takes five days walk to reach the nearest local authority of Nepal while Taklakot (the nearest Tibetan market) is only 12 hours away and moreover the villagers speak the Tibetan language and follow all traditions of Tibet."
Locals say they cannot move the monastery and their settlement to a safe place.
"The moment we move the monastery, its religious and historic value will drop to zero," says Tamang. "And that, in turn, means our century-old intact religious and cultural community will break and it will all be over."

Revenue commissioner Liam Irwin was giving evidence to the Irish parliament's finance committee.
He said the authorities would try to minimise customs controls but they are required under EU law.
It would mean checks on 6% to 8% of freight, mainly on documents but with a "small number" of physical inspections.
Mr Irwin said checks would not happen at the border but at "trade facilitation posts" which would be "10 or 15 kilometres back from the border."
He also said there would also be some form of random, or risk-based, customs checks carried out by mobile units.
The commissioner emphasised that customs declarations would happen electronically, and most transactions would be immediately approved.
He said there would not be a return to a pre-1992 situation when there were customs posts at the border.
Seamus Leheny, from the NI Freight Transport Association, described the plans as "quite concerning to those involved in moving goods cross-border".
"On average we're looking at a minimum 6,000 HGV movements cross-border on a daily basis so if we're looking at 8% of those vehicles having to be checked, there's potentially 500 to 600 vehicles actually having to stop and have goods looked at," he said.
"These costs would obviously have to be passed on, because there would be consequences with delays and journey time reliability.
"If you have 500 to 600 lorries having to stop every day, those delays could be anything from five minutes, half an hour.
"It depends really on paperwork checks or maybe physical inspection of goods and the running costs for a 44-tonne lorry which typically travels cross-border is Â£1 a minute and those costs have to be covered by someone."
Sinn FÃ©in's finance spokesperson, Pearse Doherty, said border communities would be especially affected.
"Obviously, any restrictions on traffic and consignments entering and leaving the north will have a devastating impact on the economies both north and south," he said.
"Businesses on both sides will suffer greatly should what was revealed by revenue come to pass and that is simply stating an undeniable fact."
The UK government has said it intends to leave the EU Customs Union as part of Brexit but is seeking new customs arrangements.
The EU, the UK government and the Irish government have all said they do not want a "hard border".
Mr Irwin said Irish customs authorities are not currently in "any form of discussion" with the UK.
He said that the number and value of customs declarations would increase by a factor of 10 as a result of Brexit.
His organisation is also looking at how "small local traders" can be facilitated.

Mr Yee, 18, has been detained in the US since he arrived at Chicago's O'Hare airport in December.
He came into the country on a tourist visa but told immigration officials he was seeking refuge.
Following Friday's ruling, he is expected to be released shortly.
The US Department of Homeland Security opposed Mr Yee's asylum application, but the immigration judge ruled in the teenager's favour.
Judge Samuel Cole released a 13-page decision, which said Mr Yee faced persecution in Singapore for his political opinions.
"Yee has met his burden of showing that he suffered past persecution on account of his political opinion and has a well-founded fear of future persecution in Singapore," Judge Coel ruled.
"Accordingly, this court grants his application for asylum."
Amos Yee is not the only one celebrating his US asylum win - many Singaporeans are pleased as well.
"Finally... hopefully it is the last we have heard of him," a Facebook user wrote in one typical comment online.
But some Singaporeans also sympathise with Amos, who has clearly struggled with the country's restrictions. "It's just his bad luck that he was born in Singapore," said another commenter on Facebook.
The teenage critic is one of Singapore's most controversial figures, where he is viewed with exasperation but also a measure of sympathy. Singapore is known for its strict rules on free speech, especially when it comes to race and religion - rules which the US judge said have been used by the authorities to constrain dissent, but which many in the city-state support.
Following Mr Yee's explosive remarks about the country's deeply-revered late leader Lee Kuan Yew and Christianity, Mr Yee had continued to fall foul of the law by breaching bail conditions and making further critical comments about religion.
Even by leaving Singapore he has committed an offence, as he is avoiding mandatory military conscription. While in US detention he had run into trouble for making remarks about Islam, according to his representatives.
But some Singaporeans also empathise with Amos, who has clearly struggled with the country's restrictions. "Congratulations Amos. He can now lead the free life he wants in the free world. It's just his bad luck that he was born in Singapore," said another commenter on Facebook.
Mr Yee's lawyer, Sandra Grossman, said he could be released as early as Monday.
In statement, Ms Grossman applauded the judge's decision and said, "The right to free speech is sacred, even when such speech is considered offensive."
In September 2016, the teenager was given a six-week prison sentence in Singapore after being found guilty of "wounding religious feelings".
He had posted a video critical of Christianity and Islam.
He was also jailed by a Singapore court for four weeks in 2015, for criticising Christians and for posting  a video about the country's former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew.
His video, posted on YouTube days after his death, compared the widely-respected founding father of Singapore to Jesus Christ.
Later, he posted a crude cartoon depicting Lee Kuan Yew and former UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who was one of his allies.
The posts provoked various police complaints, and Mr Yee was reported to have received violent threats.

Omar Bogle, Will Grigg, Andy Kellett, Donervon Daniels and Ryan Tunnicliffe are all still out.
Barnsley's Adam Hammill (toe), Andy Yiadom (shoulder), Aidy White (pelvis) and Sessi D'Almeida (knee) are out.
Paul Heckingbottom's side are looking for back to back wins for the first time since January.
BBC Radio Manchester's Paul Rowley
"Frankly, every game now is a 'must win' for the 'Tics if they're to avoid their third relegation in five seasons.
"Saturday's stoppage-time victory over already doomed Rotherham United after twice going behind revived memories of the club's great survivals in their Premier League days.
"But, with most of their rivals winning, Graham Barrow's side are still seven points from safety with five matches left.
"Victory over Barnsley, promoted with Wigan from League One last season, will narrow the gap, but with away matches upcoming at promotion-chasing Brighton and Reading, the task may be too great."

Sir Bruce, 88, underwent keyhole surgery after doctors discovered he had two aneurysms following a fall at his Surrey home last year.
Lady Forsyth, 59, said the star was in "incredible shape mentally" but that the "operation took his energy".
"He's the man I fell in love with because his brain is there," she told the Daily Mail's You magazine.
She said: "The operation took his energy because of his age, there's no question about it.
"Some days are better than others. On the not-so-good days, he tries to rest."
An aneurysm is a potentially serious blood vessel swelling. If left untreated, larger abdominal aortic aneurysms - the type which Sir Bruce has had - can be fatal.
Lady Forsyth said she hoped Sir Bruce would be able to perform again, but added: "He doesn't want to do anything publicly until he's 100% well. I respect that."
She said she found it hard to contemplate a future without her husband, who she has been married to for 33 years.
"I don't think about it too much. I hope I'll be prepared somehow, but it doesn't feel real.
"He has a bit of a problem moving, but we still laugh and talk. I pray, I believe. The main thing is that he's doing well. The pain is more emotional; sometimes we cry, but mostly we laugh."
Lady Forsyth said Sir Bruce was still enjoying puzzles and the internet and programmes including the Olympics, The Apprentice and Question Time, as well as spending time with his grandchildren.
Sir Bruce has not been seen in public recently, having been too frail to attend the funerals of close friends Ronnie Corbett or Sir Terry Wogan.
He left Strictly in 2014 after nearly 10 years fronting the BBC One show with Tess Daly.
Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram at bbcnewsents, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.

One manufacturer is even offering a smart water bottle. Lifefuels won an award at the tech show for the bottle with "five interchangeable "fuelpods" filled with vitamins, nutritional products and flavours, allowing users to tailor their water to suit their specific lifestyles".
Why anyone would need such a product is open to debate but it does raise the question about what "smart" really means.
For many firms, a so-called smart device is just something connected to the internet but Adam Simon, an analyst with research firm Context, thinks it should be about more.
"The real question is  - what can you do with it? What is it actually doing to help you in your life?"
A Context study found most European home-owners are still reluctant to invest in smart tech - 19% of Britons said that they would buy one smart gadget in the next year and, even then, it would have to cost no more than Â£150.
The BBC has been looking at some of the smart tech on offer for the family home at CES.
This may just be the craziest thing to come out of CES but it was taken seriously enough by a panel of expert judges to win the CES Launchit ShowStoppers award.
Described by founder Leo Trottier as a games console for dogs, the Cleverpet gadget consists of three flashing lights and a treat dispenser. The dog has to press the lights in the right combination in order to win the treat.
It also has a microphone and speaker so that pet owners can task their dogs with more complex games - such as touching a particular colour or combination of lights.
"A dog with a job is a happy dog," said Mr Trottier as part of his pitch to the judges. "And my user-base quite literally has nothing else to do."
He knows a thing or two about training animals - he told the BBC that he taught his cat to use the toilet.
More seriously, there are hundreds of pets left home alone each day and Mr Trottier is keen to find a solution to the suggestion that many of these animals are bored. He believes that some dogs will learn to advance to complex levels.
There is some serious science behind the design - one member of the team is a neuroscientist who has spent years teaching grammar to birds - and Mr Trottier himself is a cognitive scientist.
A little black and white dog named Fiona demoed the system for me, but she could only handle the one button level as she has only been training for a week.
Ok, this falls very much into the same category as the smart water bottle as something that is only tenuously smart, and it costs more than Â£150 - retailing in the US for $400 - but, come on, it's a cocktail maker for your home.
Bartesian looks a lot like a capsule-based coffee maker and it is basically the alcoholic equivalent.
There are reservoirs for the spirits - vodka, rum, tequila and gin - and these must be supplied by the owner. The rest - including the liqueurs which are recreated using non-alcoholic flavours - comes in a capsule.
There are six on offer - including margarita, cosmopolitan and zest martini - and each comes with a barcode that is read by the machine making it.
The smart home survey from Context revealed that people regard their kitchen as the smartest room in the house, which is a strange choice given that most living rooms now boast a smart TV - but there are plenty of gadgets on show that aim to add to its smartness.
Whirlpool has a dishwasher that can be linked to a Nest thermostat, meaning it will run when energy costs are lowest.
And there has been quite a lot of buzz around an internet-connected washing machine which is also packed with sensors, designed by a firm called Marathon Laundry.
British firm Smarter, makers of the iKettle, has a range of products on show at CES that are considerably cheaper - all under Â£100.
They include a smart camera for the fridge which takes real-time photos of your food, and a smart mat for cupboards that reveals what ingredients are in there via an app on a smartphone.
We all probably use more water than we need so the idea of a shower that will flash when you have used too much is rather compelling.
French firm Start & Blue has developed Hydrao, a system that can be fitted to any shower and which flashes red once a 50 litre limit has passed.
The company has already sold around 1,000 units and claims that water use was reduced by an average of 25% when it was used.
This one's for the kids and could help parents with that perennial problem of getting them away from their screens.
Gemio, a venture-funded, Seattle-based firm, has set out to create a wearable for teenagers that it hopes will appeal to both their desire to express themselves and be sociable.
"The challenge with wearables is getting people to wear it beyond a few months," Gemio founder Michael Bettua told the BBC.
To counter that, the smart bracelets comes with 35 different designs which clip on and off. Wearers can also design their own.
They are also fitted with 22 LED lights which can be used to engage with friends who also own bracelets. The bracelet can flash up different light combinations that correlate to customised messages.
"It is a new form of social networking - kids can send secret messages to each other," said Mr Bettua.
The bracelet goes on sale in June at a price of $85.
Read and watch more from CES and follow the BBC team covering the event on Twitter.

The incident happened during the Hearts vs Kilmarnock match at Tynecastle Stadium at about 16:40 on Saturday.
A man, thought to be sitting in Lower Section E of the Wheatfield Stand, directed racial abuse towards the Northern Ireland striker.
He was white, in his mid-40s, with dark hair receding on top, and wore glasses.
He was also wearing a dark jacket that possibly had red lining and was of stocky build.
PC Gavin Stupart, of Police Scotland, said: "Racial abuse is absolutely unacceptable, in any circumstances.
"The behaviour of the majority of fans at Tynecastle on Saturday was excellent and I want to thank both clubs for their co-operation.
"We're conducting various inquiries in an effort to trace the perpetrator and I'd ask any witnesses to this abuse, or anyone who recognises the description of the suspect, to come forward."
Magennis, 25, is in his second season at Kilmarnock and has scored 10 goals this term.

In a tense first half, during which Leicester's injury-plagued England winger Manu Tuilagi limped off, the scores were locked at 6-6 as Farrell traded penalties with Owen Williams.
Farrell scored and converted the only try after adding a further penalty.
Williams kicked two penalties to ensure Leicester took a losing bonus point.
Leicester pressed until the final moments as they looked to avoid just their second defeat in 15 home games in all competitions, but two missed penalties from Williams proved costly.
In a game England boss Eddie Jones watched from the stand, much attention was focused on centre Tuilagi, who was called up on Saturday for a national team training camp.
But it proved little more than a cameo showing by the 25-year-old as he was forced off with an apparent right knee injury, suffered as he came down in a tackle.
Saracens were dealt a setback of their own as winger Chris Ashton - making his first start in 15 weeks after serving a suspension for biting - was forced off after a clash of heads with Jack Roberts.
However, despite losing the prolific Ashton, Saracens came up with the game's only try soon after - Brad Barritt collecting the ball from Williams after a poor Ben Youngs pass before Farrell threw a dummy to race clear.
Saracens did enough to hold on for the win, moving them to within one point of Wasps at the summit.
Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill:"It was tight, we played very well, they played well. We defended outstandingly well and our set-piece was dominant.
"Saracens' pack don't get dominated very often but we dominated their pack today. Our boys were fantastic.
"There are a lot of positives. I know we are five points from the top four but we were playing the best side in Europe last season.
"If we can play like that away we will win more than we lose and we will keep in the mix."
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall: "We are chuffed to bits to come here and win where they have not lost this season.
"Not everything in our game was perfect, far from it. But what was tremendous was the fight we had and the effort we showed all the way through the game.
"We had to win without a platform because our scrum today was poor. To get a result without a scrum is tough."
Leicester Tigers: Burns; Betham, Roberts, Tuilagi, Thompstone; O. Williams, B. Youngs; Genge, T. Youngs (c), Cole, Slater, Fitzgerald, M. Williams, O'Connor, McCaffrey.
Replacements: McGuigan, Cilliers, Bateman, Kitchener, Evans, Harrison, Worth, Brady.
Saracens: Goode; Ashton, Bosch, Barritt (c), Maitland; Farrell, Spencer; Barrington, George, Figallo, Skelton, Itoje, Rhodes, Burger, Wray.
Replacements: Brits, Thompson-Stringer, Lamositele, Hamilton, Brown, De Kock, Lozowski, Earle.
Ref: JP Doyle
For the latest rugby union news follow @bbcrugbyunion on Twitter.

Jersey-based hedge fund Global Advisors (GA) claims the bank was worried about "money laundering risk".
GA's Daniel Masters told the BBC that the development threatens well publicised plans to make Jersey a global centre for digital currencies.
HSBC would not discuss individual customers, but said ending a client relationship is never done "lightly".
Mr Masters said both his firm and the Bitcoin fund are tightly regulated.
The States of Jersey has created a company called Digital Jersey, in part to foster financial technology.
Island politicians have travelled to Bitcoin conferences to promote Jersey's enthusiasm for digital currencies.
Mr Masters launched the Global Advisors Bitcoin Investment Fund (GABI) in August after it was certified by the Jersey Financial Services Commission.
He said HSBC's move was a "step in the wrong direction for Jersey".
Bitcoin is an online currency founded in 2009, although nobody knows by whom.
Each Bitcoin, like other forms of crypto-currencies, is simply a long string of computer code protected by a personal key which provides ownership and security.
All Bitcoins in circulation and their transactions histories are recorded in a giant ledger known as the blockchain. This prevents Bitcoins from being spent twice.
No middleman is required to verify the transaction, which, say supporters of Bitcoins, makes them quick, secure and cheap to use.
Are crypto-currencies the future of money?
Unregulated Bitcoin funds exist elsewhere, but the official approval allowed major investors, such as pension and insurance companies, to speculate on Bitcoin for the first time.
Having his accounts closed by HSBC is only the latest difficulty faced by GABI, said Mr Masters.
He said that when he was launching GABI he could not find any island bank willing to provide services, so took GABI's business elsewhere.
Global Advisors has found another Jersey bank, but GABI's banking is not done on the island, although the fund remains registered and regulated in Jersey.
Geoff Cook, chief executive of Jersey Finance, said he could not comment on individual cases, but said GABI reflected Jersey's position "as both a leading hedge fund jurisdiction and a pioneering centre for the rapidly evolving world of fintech (financial technology".
There have been issues around the digital currencies, including a lack of regulation and concerns about the potential for money laundering and other illegal activity.
In October 2013 the FBI shut down online marketplace Silk Road, which traded in drugs and other illegal goods and took payments using "crypto-currencies".
A spokesman for HSBC said: "We do not discuss individual customers, nor do we confirm whether an individual or business is, or has been a customer."
But he added: "In reviewing our portfolio, we have identified a number of relationships that don't meet our strategic criteria.
"We don't take the commercial decision to end a customer relationship lightly, and when we do so it follows careful consideration of that relationship in light of our strategic focus or global risk management standards."

Roger Christian always intended to make his dark fantasy adventure, which was shown as part of screenings Star Wars movie The Empire Strikes Back, into a full-length movie.
But a lack of funding and little appetite for the genre among cinema audiences always seemed to be against him.
Black Angel began life in the late 1970s when Christian's friend and Star Wars' creator George Lucas handed him the opportunity to turn his idea into a 25-minute short.
Lucas's offer was in part a "thank you" for Christian's work on original Star Wars - A New Hope, for which Christian won one of his two Academy Awards for his set design.
Pulling together a small production team and with a budget of just Â£25,000, Christian headed to Scotland in the final months of 1979 to shoot the short.
Black Angel is an Arthurian tale of a knight who rescues a princess while he is returning home from the Crusades.
The short film was made entirely in Scotland on a shoestring budget. The locations included Eilean Donan near Dornie, Bernera Barracks at Glenelg, Loch Eck in Argyll and a swimming pool in Dunoon, where underwater scenes were filmed.
It was shown the following year in cinemas in the UK, Scandinavia, Japan and Australia as part of screenings of The Empire Strikes Back.
Londoner Christian is now preparing to return to Scotland this autumn.
And his old haunts of Eilean Donan, the wider Lochalsh area and also Skye are on his film location wish list.
Most of the film is being made at a studio in Budapest in Hungary where Christian and his production team have been able to take advantage of incentives to keep costs down.
But he said Black Angel cannot work without Scottish landscapes.
"I have to film in Scotland, and in late September and early October as I did the first time," says Christian.
"The quality of the natural light at that time of year in Scotland is like nothing else in the world.
"It allowed us to shoot scenes that would have required CGI, technology that was not available to us at that time."
"I have also found my Obi Wan Kenobi," adds filmmaker.
A wise and powerful wizard-like figure, Obi Wan is one of the best known characters of the Star Wars canon.
In the early films, the Jedi knight was played by Sir Alec Guinness and in more recent episodes by Ewan McGregor.
Christian says: "From Scottish legend there is a figure called Myrddin, who some people believe to be an inspiration for stories of the wizard Merlin.
"In Black Angel, the character is a wandering sorcerer, a half-god/half-man, who lives under the castle of Eilean Donan."
Christian has written of working on Star Wars, Black Angel and other films such as Alien in his newly published memoir, Cinema's Alchemist.
In the book he tells of making weapons such as light sabres and blasters for Star Wars and also working on some of its most iconic creations, such as the Millennium Falcon space ship.
Scotland features prominently in a chapter devoted to Black Angel.
Christian said: "I went to Scotland to make Black Angel by design, rather than accident. I already knew Scotland at the time and what it had to offer."
Influencing this choice in locating the short in Scotland were the works of Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa, whose most famous films include Seven Samurai.
Christian says: "I wanted to make a film in the style of Kurosawa, who used epic landscapes. I knew that I could find similar landscapes in Scotland."
Several factors convinced Christian that now was the right time for a feature-length version of his cult short.
First, there was the interest in social media and film fans in the rediscovering of Black Angel in 2012 after years being lost in an archive, and subsequent screenings of it in Scotland in 2014.
Interestingly, a TV series that could have been made in Scotland but ended up using locations in Northern Ireland instead has helped Christian and his team secure investment - and a potential audience - to his new film.
"Game of Thrones has created huge interest in the fantasy genre," said Christian.
"This is the right time to be making the film."

The A725 underpass which runs below the M74 motorway, has been under construction since July 2015.
It is hoped that the route between Bellshill and East Kilbride will help ease congestion at junction 5 near Hamilton in South Lanarkshire.
Economy Secretary Keith Brown said it should improve journey times through the junction by up to 15 minutes.
Scottish Roads Partnership (SRP) completed the construction as part of the Â£500m motorway improvement plan which began in February 2014.
The work will upgrade the A8 between Glasgow and Edinburgh in addition to major improvements to the M73, M74 and A725.
The 560m long (1,837ft), 35m wide (115ft) underpass will provide a free-flow link for traffic between the Bellshill Bypass and the East Kilbride Expressway.
Mr Brown said: "This investment will make a tangible difference to road users, alleviating the traffic congestion that has been a historic problem at the Raith."
Formally known as the Bothwellhaugh Interchange, the Raith is used by 75,000 vehicles on a daily basis.
Now, 50 years since the junction first opened to traffic, SRP have also constructed three new bridges to carry the motorway and local traffic over the new underpass.
In addition, two new footbridges are being installed over the roundabout which will create a safe access route over the busy junction between Bothwell and Strathclyde Country Park.

The 20,000 Sfr (Â£15,694) fine relates to commemorations at the 1-1 draw on 12 November.
England, Scotland and Northern Ireland have also been penalised.
Fifa's Claudio Sulser said he "fully respected" the commemorations but rules needed to apply.
Vince Alm said: "Fans are outraged that the Welsh FA has even been implicated in this."
Football's governing body took action against the Football Association of Wales (FAW) because fans wore poppies in the stands and the armed forces held bunches of poppies at the side of the pitch.
Mr Sulser, disciplinary committee chairman for Fifa, said: "The display, among others, of any political or religious symbol is strictly prohibited."
Mr Alm said many supporters he had spoken to said the FAW should refuse to pay the fine.
"These were just normal fans wearing poppies when it's their personal choice to do so," he added.
"For the vast majority of supporters, wearing a poppy is not a political statement but a symbol of remembrance."
The FAW has been asked to respond.

A public inquiry will open into the possible upgrading of the road between Pembury and Tonbridge, in west Kent, into to dual carriageway.
Businesses have said the scheme is needed to reduce a bottleneck and government money could be available from 2015.
However, the Woodland Trust said the scheme would damage the environment.
Oliver Newham, from the trust, said: "There are over 1,000 species of fungi in here, 10 species of ladybird, 24 species of bee - I could go on.
"We're talking about a woodland that's been here for 400 years - that's a lot of history to lose."
The section of the A21 under consideration carries more than 35,000 vehicles every day.
The widening scheme would cost Â£21m.
Jackie Matthias, who is from the West Kent Chamber of Commerce, said: "We in business just can't understand how things can take so long and cost so much.
"It's slightly worrying - you do wonder who is looking at it and scrutinising it."
The inquiry is scheduled to start on 14 May.

Of pupils classified as "white British", 94% are in schools with a white British majority.
Researchers say schools are more segregated than their local areas.
"We would hope for a much greater level of integration for students," said Richard Norrie from the Demos think tank which published the report.
The analysis from the Demos Integration Hub and Simon Burgess of the University of Bristol looks at how white and ethnic minority pupils are spread within schools.
It shows patterns of pupils being more likely to be taught with pupils from a similar background - in a way that does not always reflect local populations.
In London, about 26% of pupils are white British, but 49% of these children are in schools with a white British majority.
Children from Bangladeshi, Pakistani and black Caribbean communities are also disproportionately likely to be at school with children from the same ethnic background.
About a third of pupils in primary school are now from ethnic minorities, but this study shows that below this average there are very wide regional differences.
In seven local authorities in London, there are no white British pupils in a school with a white British majority. While in 71 authorities across England, there are no ethnic minority pupils in schools where they are in a majority.
The study examines where there is greatest segregation, in terms of how dissimilar school intakes are to local populations.
The top 10 authorities with the highest levels of segregation are mostly in the North and Midlands: Blackburn with Darwen, Birmingham, Haringey, Bradford, Rochdale, Kirklees, Leicester, Oldham, Rotherham, and Manchester.
The study does not examine why or how such segregation takes place, on a local or national level, but it says that research shows that this is not simply a reflection of where people live.
It points to research that "schools were more segregated than the local neighbourhoods that they served".
Trevor Phillips, chairman of the Mapping Integration Project at Demos and former head of the Commission for Racial Equality, speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, said this was "not a story of terrible racial hostility".
Instead, he said, it reflected demographic shifts and a pattern of the individual, localised choices of parents about where they and their children would feel "comfortable".
"Most families unconsciously make a choice which tends to line up with their own racial background," said Mr Phillips.
But he said this tendency towards separation had a negative effect, not preparing children for a diverse society.
Mr Phillips said the success of schools in London showed how much children from all backgrounds could benefit from schools with a high proportion of ethnic minority pupils.
Prof Burgess said that although schools "in some places remain highly segregated", the longer-term trend is that such separation is "generally declining or is stable".
But Dr Norrie said: "While we couldn't expect these communities to spread out on a truly equal scale, we would hope for a much greater level of integration for students at the start of their education."
The analysis of ethnicity and education shows that, allowing for socio-economic factors, white British pupils are the lowest achieving group at GCSE level.
The study also shows that ethnic minority pupils are more likely to have private tutors, more likely to attend private school and go to a Russell Group university than their white counterparts.
Last week, Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw said that there needed to be more good and outstanding schools available to white, working-class communities.
Sir Michael warned that white low-income families can feel "abandoned" and "forgotten" by the school system.

Labour's David Winnick told Phil Gormley that Police Scotland's work in places like Sri Lanka was "hypocrisy".
But Mr Gormley said the force was under "significant budgetary pressure" and needed to seek additional income.
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office and Scottish government had "full knowledge" of the contracts, he added.
Mr Gormley was speaking at a Westminster home affairs committee on Tuesday.
He confirmed Police Scotland's international development unit provided training in Sri Lanka, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and South Sudan, among others.
The force has been training officers in Sri Lanka for several years, despite concerns being raised by Amnesty International about the country's record on torture, arbitrary arrests and deaths in custody.
Mr Winnick asked him: "Sudan has a notorious record of outright brutality... Isn't there a contradiction of this country [the UK] upholding certain principles, human rights and the rest and an organisation like yours having contracts with governments that are totally in the opposite direction?"
The MP also claimed police in the UAE tortured two Britons arrested on drugs charges.
He added: "If they torture British citizens, one can only imagine what they do to their own citizens."
Police Scotland has provided training on child protection and crash investigation to officers in the UAE's police force.
But Mr Gormley said Police Scotland was trying to improve standards of policing around the globe and told Mr Winnick "no concerns had been expressed" about the countries where they worked.
"Clearly I'm a public servant - there is a political dimension to this that is not part of my role," he said.
"There are relationships with some of those governments that you have described. What we are trying to do when we go out and do training is to raise the standards of policing in those environments."
He also said the income provided by international training work was a vital boost to the force's Â£1.1bn budget which it receives from the Scottish government.
Mr Gormley said: "We are under significant budgetary pressure and therefore if we can legitimately raise revenue - either in terms of cost recovery from sporting events or through delivery of training domestically or internationally - then we will seek to do it."
The chief constable denied that the deployment of officers overseas used resources needed in Scotland.
"We wouldn't compromise our ability to deliver at home in order to make relatively modest amounts of money abroad," he said.
Mr Gormley was sworn in as chief constable in January.
His appointment followed Sir Stephen House's decision to step down from the post after coming under pressure over the M9 crash, stop and search, and the role of armed officers.
A statement from Police Scotland later said forces had "provided practical capacity-building training for over 20 years to a range of countries".
It said: "Police Scotland recovers the full cost of this training from the Scottish and UK governments to ensure there is no detriment to the citizens of Scotland."
The statement also said the training was not a response to financial challenges faced by Police Scotland.
It said: "There are significant benefits to our officers and staff and the people of Scotland by Police Scotland being engaged in this activity.
"It supports our ambitions to ensure that our reputation is strengthened on the international stage, demonstrates confidence in Scottish policing and that our officers and staff have the necessary skills and experience to police our increasingly multi-cultural communities in Scotland."
Police Scotland said all of the countries it operated in had full diplomatic relations with the UK.

The invitation-only Facebook group Pantsuit Nation, which has 3.7 million subscribers, is backing the "Pantsuit Drive" launched by Meena Harris.
The software company policy manager said she wanted to help tackle the pay gap faced by women of colour.
Libby Chamberlain, founder of Pantsuit Nation, is urging members to donate.
The page was named after Mrs Clinton's trademark trouser suits, which she was seen wearing throughout her campaign.
In an article for feminist newsletter Lenny Letter, Ms Harris said that the idea was born as she dropped off her dry cleaning near her San Francisco home.
The former Facebook employee, who studied at Stanford and Harvard, said she reflected on "what an obvious privilege it is to even own a pantsuit, let alone to buy a new one for a special occasion".
She added: "In 2016, too many women still struggle to raise their families. They are disproportionately minimum-wage workers who juggle multiple jobs to make ends meet, and they still don't earn equal pay. The pay gap for women of colour isn't just a gap, it's a canyon."
Pantsuit Nation: The secret Clinton Facebook group
She posted a picture of herself, along with her mother and young baby, sporting a blue pantsuit in homage to the Democratic candidate's trademark trouser suits on polling day.
Ms Chamberlain quoted a Pantsuit Nation member, now a Harvard Kennedy School graduate and communications and strategy consultant, who had been homeless at the age of 20.
Tanene Allison said she had been offered a job interview but could not afford the bus fare or any smart clothing.
"Job interviews can be hard enough, but they're outright terrifying when you're afraid you'll walk in looking like you live in a homeless shelter," she was quoted as saying.
A woman at the youth shelter where she was staying helped her put together an outfit from donated clothing, and she eventually got the job.
Ms Harris said the campaign, dubbed Pantsuits for Progress, was "a way of honouring Hillary's public service - while recognising the roads we still must travel".
She said the clothing would be donated to organisations that support poor and homeless women with job-interview preparation and employment opportunities.

All have been ordered off-air with immediate effect.
An official at China's state TV regulator confirmed to the BBC that the verbal order had been made.
China's Communist Party is preparing to mark 90 years since its founding and the authorities want TV stations to air programmes praising the party instead.
The government wants China's one billion television viewers to tune in to a wholesome diet of patriotic propaganda that will glorify the party ahead of the anniversary on 1 July.
Wang Weiping, the deputy chief of the drama department at China's state TV regulator, called this a "propaganda period".
There are "dozens of good TV dramas related to the founding of the party" that stations can broadcast, he told the Beijing News.
Oriental TV in Shanghai told the BBC it was postponing its spy drama Qing Mang, due to air in 10 days time. It will be replaced by a comedy about mothers and their daughters-in-law.
An official at Oriental TV said the government often issues orders about which programmes should and should not be aired.
"TV stations quite often have to rearrange the TV drama broadcasting schedule at short notice. We are always ready to rearrange things. And we normally don't ask why," Ouyang Lina of Oriental TV told the BBC.
So what many Chinese viewers will now see in the coming weeks are shows like the specially-made historical drama Dong Fang.
According to the show's publicity, it follows China's Communist leader Mao Zedong between the founding of the People's Republic of China and his second visit to the former Soviet Union 12 years later.
And the show charts the development of Marxism-Leninism in China and the achievements of the Communist Party in politics, military, culture, economics and diplomacy.

Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, from Shrewsbury, died in hospital on 12 April after becoming unwell.
Police said the tablets were believed to contain dinitrophenol, known as DNP, an industrial chemical.
Her friend, who wants to remain anonymous, says Ms Parry had begged doctors for help.
She said she thought it would be in the public interest for an investigation to take place into the care Ms Parry received, "to make sure that everything was done to help Eloise, to make sure that if there is another person in her situation we can learn from this".
The Glyndwr University student had initially attended A&E after taking more than the recommended dose of the tablets.
The friend explained: "She took four pills at 4am and then when she woke up she took another four. But she had pushed her body to be able tolerate this and then she pushed it over the edge. She did not intend to kill herself, she did not want to die.
"She sent me a text message saying that she knew she was going to die a few hours before she died and she was alone.
"She knew she was going to die, and she was alone and she was scared. I was about to board a plane and by the time I'd got home she was dead."
The friend said Ms Parry had been in the mental health system since at least the age of 16, she had been diagnosed with a mental health disorder and took medication daily. She had a social worker and regular GP check-ups.
But she said Ms Parry needed more help.
"They were very aware. She was definitely on their radar. She did not fly under the radar. Everyone was aware of her problems. There was no secrecy.
"I think she needed to be an inpatient, she could no longer keep herself safe. Medical professionals have a duty of care to keep people safe who cannot keep themselves safe.
"I was with her when she told medical staff that she could no longer keep herself safe and that she needed their help."
Last week, Ms Parry's mother Fiona told Victoria Derbyshire it was "an awful way to die" and people should not take the drug "in any quantity".
An inquest has been opened and adjourned until 2 July by Shropshire coroner John Ellery after a hearing in Shrewsbury.
The Wrexham Maelor hospital said it was unable to comment on the case.
The Royal Shrewsbury hospital said Ms Parry sadly died when staff were unable to save her and they would be contributing to the inquest.
The director of public health in Shropshire, who is responsible for mental health teams and social workers, said they would work with the coroner.
West Mercia Police have now obtained Ms Parry's laptop and phone and said they were investigating where the pills came from.
Listen to PM on BBC Radio 4 at 17.00 BST. Victoria Derbyshire is broadcast weekdays from 09:15-11:00 BST on BBC Two and the BBC News Channel. Follow the programme on Facebook and Twitter, and find all our content online.

They were inadvertently heard on live TV proposing military action at a meeting called by President Mohammed Morsi.
Ethiopia last week started diverting the flow of the river in preparation for the $4.2bn hydroelectric dam.
The Blue Nile is one of two major tributaries of the Nile.
On completion, the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam would be Africa's largest.
It is expected to produce 6,000 megawatts, and its reservoir is scheduled to start filling next year.
As the participants did not know that the meeting was being aired live by state TV, they spoke their minds unreservedly.
Their suggestions centred around military action as a decisive response to what one of them called a "declaration of war".
One of the politicians suggested sending special forces to destroy the dam; another thought of jet fighters to scare the Ethiopians; and a third called for Egypt to support rebel groups fighting the government in Addis Ababa.
"This could yield results in the diplomatic arena,'' liberal politician and former presidential candidate Ayman Nour told the gathering.
Muhammad Anwar al-Sadat, the leader of the secular Reform and Development party, said the presidency should have warned the participants in advance that the meeting would be broadcast live.
"I am afraid most of the politicians who attended the meeting were not well informed about such a sensitive topic," he told the BBC.
"But the statements made during the meeting do not represent the Egyptian official stance. It was just a chat between politicians who were angered by the Ethiopian plans."
A presidential adviser apologised for failing to warn politicians.
"I am sorry for any unintentional embarrassment," Bakinam al-Sharqawi said in a statement.
Egypt is the most populous country in the Middle East and highly dependent on the water of the world's longest river.
Ethiopia's decision to construct the dam challenges a colonial-era agreement that had given Egypt and Sudan rights to the Nile water, with Egypt taking 55.5 billion cubic metres and Sudan 18.5 billion cubic metres.
That agreement, first signed in 1929, took no account of the eight other nations along the 6,700km (4,160-mile) river and its basin.
Those countries have been agitating for a decade for a more equitable accord.

The Driven group also plans to try out a fleet of autonomous vehicles between London and Oxford.
The cars will communicate with each other about any hazards and should operate with almost full autonomy - but will have a human on board as well.
Previous tests of driverless vehicles in the UK have mainly taken place at slow speeds and not on public roads.
The Driven consortium is led by Oxbotica, which makes software for driverless vehicles.
Founder Prof Paul Newman, of Oxford University, said: "We're moving from the singleton autonomous vehicle to fleets of autonomous vehicles - and what's interesting is what data the vehicles share with one another, when, and why."
The project is backed by an Â£8.6m government grant and involves an insurance company, which will assess the risks involved at each stage of the journey.
The UK government has committed about Â£100m in total towards autonomous driving projects and has said it wants Britain to "lead the way in developing" the tech.
But one expert said the country risks falling behind what is being done abroad.
"Britain is trying to keep up, but the big development in the field is going on elsewhere," said Prof David Bailey from Aston Business School.
"That includes Google in the US, Volvo in China and Daimler in Germany.
"And amounts being committed [by the UK] are relatively small beer.
"The Obama government, for example, proposed spending billions of dollars over 10 years."
Calum Chace, author of Surviving AI, agreed that the UK appears to have fallen behind.
"I don't know why we have to wait until 2019," he said.
"But in a way it doesn't matter how aggressively the UK pushes this tech. When the US does this large-scale technology we will have to adopt it too.
"It will save so many lives and so much money."

This year's Tour opened in Leeds on Saturday, with Yorkshire having beaten off competition from Edinburgh.
"We are looking at perhaps forming a bid with Event Scotland for either 2018 or 2019," Steve Cardownie of Edinburgh City Council told BBC Radio Scotland.
"We will be that much more equipped because we will have seen first hand how it operates in Yorkshire."
Up to two million people are expected to line the UK routes as the famous three-week race returns for the first time since 2007, with two stages in Yorkshire and a third finishing in London on Monday.
When the organisers were last here, they were waxing lyrical about the city
The 101st edition of the 2,277-mile, 21-stage event ends in Paris on 27 July, with Chris Froome the defending champion.
Froome became the second British winner of the race last year, following the victory of Sir Bradley Wiggins in 2012.
Yorkshire is expected to enjoy the lion's share of at least £100m in economic benefits from the Grand Depart, while the television audience is estimated at three-and-a-half billion.
Councillor Cardownie was involved in Edinburgh's 2014 bid, while Florence was also in the running.
"We've staged cycling events in the past, we've had athletic events and, of course, we have our fantastic festivals," he said.
"We are always in the market for something new, something different.
"We were working with Event Scotland with a view to bringing the Grand Depart and some of the early stages to Edinburgh in 2017.
"We were encouraged to bring that bid forward to 2014 and Yorkshire beat us to it.
"When the organisers were last here, they were waxing lyrical about the city and they could see themselves that it's good for the Tour.
"It's not just good for Edinburgh, it's good for the Tour."

US officials said they had received a call claiming that there was a "chemical weapons threat" aboard.
Air France Flight 22, from Paris, was searched after landing in a secure area of JFK Airport.
The FBI said later that no hazards had been found and the plane was cleared.
It was one of several threats, possibly from the same source, made against US-bound commercial airliners on Monday, authorities said.
"Out of an abundance of caution, Air France flight number 22 was escorted  to John F Kennedy airport by US Air Force fighter jets following a phone threat," said FBI spokesman J Peter Donald.
"The plane has landed and has deboarded. There were no incidents or hazards reported on board the flight by either the passengers or its crew. The plane has been cleared."
An anonymous call was made to a Maryland State Police barracks at 06:30 local time (10:30 GMT) on Monday and the FBI was immediately told.
Although the threat was not considered credible, two F-15 planes were scrambled as a precautionary measure, joint US-Canadian monitoring force Norad said.
According to ABC News, the planes followed the Air France A-330 jet into US airspace but out of sight of passengers and crew.
A Saudi Airlines flight that had recently landed at JFK was also searched because of another threat, officials said.
Another threat was made against an American Airlines plane flying from Birmingham, England, to JFK, airline spokesman Kent Powell said.
The flight was initially told to land and taxi to a remote area, but officials later told the pilot that the threat was not credible and cleared the plane to go to the terminal, he added.

Lascelles, 23, has scored three goals in 47 games to help the Magpies gain promotion back to the Premier League.
He missed the win at Cardiff City last week to prepare for the surgery which will take place on Tuesday.
The former Nottingham Forest centre-back will return for Newcastle's pre-season training on 2 July.
United's season-closing game against the Tykes could bring the Championship title to St James' Park, if they can better the result of Brighton, who are one point ahead, at Aston Villa.

It is so far away that the light from this extremely faint collection of stars, catalogued as GN-z11, has taken some 13.4 billion years to reach us.
Or to put that another way - Hubble sees the galaxy as it was just 400 million years after the Big Bang.
Astronomers say they are confident about the measurement because they have been able to tease apart and analyse the object's light.
Such spectroscopic assessments are difficult to perform on the most far-flung sources, but if it can be done it produces the most reliable distance estimates.
The details of the discovery will appear shortly in an edition of the Astrophysical Journal.
"This really represents the pinnacle of Hubble's exploration of galaxies across cosmic history," said Yale University, US, astronomer Pascal Oesch, the lead author on the study.
"Hubble has proven once again, even after almost 26 years in space, just how special it is.
"When the telescope was launched we were investigating galaxies a little over half-way back in cosmic history. Now, we're going 97% of the way back. It really is a tremendous achievement," he told BBC News.
Nonetheless, scientists believe they are now at the very limits of what the veteran observatory can achieve technically, and it will most probably fall to Hubble's successor to look even deeper into space.
This is the James Webb Space Telescope, currently under construction and scheduled to launch in 2018.
Its instruments will be tuned to the infrared - to a specific region of the electromagnetic spectrum where the light from the very first stars to shine in the Universe should still be detectable.
They are probably another 200 million light-years beyond even GN-z11.
Scientists are keen to probe these founding stars and the conditions in which they were born.
They were likely hot giants that grew out of the cold, neutral gas that pervaded the cosmos back then.
These behemoths would have burnt brilliant but brief lives, producing the very first heavy elements.
They would also have "fried" the neutral gas around them - ripping electrons off atoms - to produce the diffuse plasmas we still detect between nearby stars today.
Dr Oesch and colleagues say GN-z11 is one-25th the size of the Milky Way with just 1% of our galaxy's mass in stars.
"The surprising thing is how bright it is (for what it represents), and it's growing really fast, producing stars at a much faster rate," said the Yale astronomer.
"So, it's challenging some of our models, but it's showing galaxy build-up was well under way early on in the Universe, and it's a great preview for James Webb, which will be pushing even deeper to see the progenitors of this galaxy."
GN-z11's identification was made with Hubble's Wide Field Camera 3, which was installed during the very last astronaut servicing mission, in 2009.
When astronomers discuss distance in the cosmos, they use the term "redshift". This is a measure that describes the way light coming from far-off galaxies is "stretched" by the expansion of the Universe.
The higher the redshift number assigned to an object, the more distant it is and the earlier it is being viewed in cosmic history.
Before this Hubble observation, the galaxy measured spectroscopically to have the greatest separation from Earth was given a redshift of 8.68 (13.2 billion years in the past).
GN-z11 has been assigned a redshift of 11.1, putting it some 200 million years closer to the time of the Big Bang.
JWST will probably have to see back to when the Universe was only one or two percent of its current age - which corresponds to about 100 to 250 million years after the Big Bang. This covers redshifts between 15 and 30.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos

MEP Patrick O'Flynn earlier claimed Mr Farage had fallen under the influence of "inexperienced" advisers, which was followed by the departure of two aides.
However, Mr Farage told the BBC's Question Time he had a "phenomenal" level of support within the party.
Leaving as the PM addressed the UK's EU membership ahead of a referendum would be a "massive mistake", he said.
Mr Farage also cleared up a row over Â£650,000 in public funding available to UKIP under a scheme to help minor parties fund their MPs' activities, saying he would recommend the party accepted none of it.
The UKIP leader stood down after failing to win the South Thanet seat in the general election, but was reinstated three days later when the party refused to accept his resignation.
UKIP's economic spokesman Mr O'Flynn had written in the Times that Mr Farage had gone from being a "cheerful, ebullient... daring" politician to a "snarling, thin-skinned, aggressive" man.
He said that some around Mr Farage "would like to take UKIP in the direction of some hard-right, ultra-aggressive American Tea Party-type movement" and risked turning the party into a "personality cult".
Mr O'Flynn later clarified that he wanted Mr Farage to remain leader. However, party secretary Matthew Richardson and chief of staff Raheem Kassam both left the party.
Several senior figures - including deputy leader Suzanne Evans and donors Arron Banks and Richard Desmond - declared their support for Mr Farage.
But party treasurer Hugh Williams, donor Stuart Wheeler and ex-MEP Godfrey Bloom all suggested he should go, amid claims MEPs were under pressure to publicly support the leader.
When asked on Question Time about Mr O'Flynn's comments, Mr Farage said that although he was disappointed by the remarks, people were merely "letting off steam and... fighting personal wars"  after a high-pressured election campaign.
Pressed on why he had not honoured his pledge to resign if he failed to be elected to Kent's Thanet South seat, Mr Farage repeated that he had formally offered his resignation but that it had been rejected.
"The level of support for me in the party is phenomenal and, frankly, to go through a leadership contest at a time when [David] Cameron says he's renegotiating our relationship with the European Union would be a massive, massive mistake."

On Thursday, two satellites will launch from French Guiana to begin the process of rolling out Galileo - Europe's multi-billion-euro version of the American Global Positioning System (GPS).
If that were not significant enough, the spacecraft will ride to orbit on the first Russian Soyuz rocket to operate from Western territory.
I'll talk more of Galileo later in the week, but I want to concentrate on Soyuz for this posting.
Formally initiated by European space ministers in 2003, the new Soyuz launch complex has been constructed at Europe's spaceport - the Guiana Space Centre (CSG - Centre Spatial Guyanais).
It is inside the Sinnamary commune about 15km up the coast from the Kourou commune where the pad was built for Europe's heavy-lift workhorse, the Ariane 5 rocket.
Engineers have cleared an area of jungle to build a 120ha, near-facsimile of the Soyuz facilities used through the decades at Baikonur, in Kazakhstan, and Plesetsk, in northern Russia.
Those familiar with TV pictures of Baikonur will instantly recognise the giant flame bowl that deflects the exhaust gases and noise away from the rocket as it begins its ascent. Having stood in the new bowl a couple of times myself, I can attest to its immense scale - 250,000 cubic metres of rock and earth had to be dug out of the ground to make it.
Present also is a 700m-long railway to take the rocket from its integration building, the MIK, to the pad, where, just as in Baikonur and Plesetsk, the four-stage vehicle is raised into the vertical position ready for its mission. Bright yellow and blue support towers hold the rocket in place.
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," they say, and the purpose of all this deja vu is to ensure the new Sinnamary home of Soyuz stays as true as possible to a very successful launch heritage.
There are differences, of course - some a little less obvious to the casual eye.
The Soyuz-ST, the vehicle that will be used in French Guiana, has a bigger clam-shell fairing enclosing its satellites - 4.11m in diameter compared to 3m on a "classical" Soyuz.
It's also got a digital flight control system and a modified upper stage. But these "evolutions" have all been tested in launches from Baikonur already, and so cannot really be described as "new" for Thursday.
Another "under the skin" change concerns the method used to terminate a flight if it goes wrong.
Back in Kazakhstan or Russia, the detection of an anomaly results in an automatic engine shutdown. With no power, the rocket simply falls from the sky and is destroyed when it hits the ground.
"In French Guiana, this will be same - plus, we will have the capacity to telecommand to stop the engine," explained Jean-Marc Astorg, from the French space agency (Cnes), who has led the Soyuz in French Guiana project.
"So, there will be a Cnes officer who will be following the flight, and if the trajectory is not nominal - he will push a button. It's an additional safety measure."
Perhaps the most noticeable difference in operation is the 52m-tall mobile gantry, which will be used to install the satellites on top of the rocket.
In Baikonur and Plesetsk, the satellites are always attached to the Soyuz while the rocket is still in the horizontal. But the spacecraft preparation facilities at the CSG are set up to do it in the vertical, and so the new gantry has been developed to fit with European custom and practice.
"It also means that if we wanted to change a payload from a Soyuz to an Ariane 5, or from an Ariane 5 to a Soyuz - that would be easy. And we need the gantry for environmental reasons. There are heavy rains in French Guiana, mosquitoes even - so it is better to protect the people working there."
However, getting the gantry built in Russia, shipped to French Guiana, and then assembled and running smoothly on its bogeys, proved quite a struggle. This one item alone added over a year to the project timeline and significantly increased its final cost.
Basing Soyuz in French Guiana should give the rocket a new lease of life. By launching closer to the equator, the rocket receives a bigger boost from the Earth's rotation, meaning it can lift nearly double the mass of a normal Baikonur payload - a maximum of three tonnes, as opposed to 1.7 tonnes, into a geosynchronous orbit 36,000km above the Earth.
And the "European Soyuz" should be a fillip for Arianespace, the company set up to market and operate the Ariane rockets.
With a new small vehicle called Vega also set to debut early next year, Arianespace will soon offer the full portfolio of launch services from CSG.
Ariane will put in orbit the really big telecommunications satellites, Soyuz will loft the medium-class spacecraft, and Vega will take care of the compact scientific payloads.
"The talks about Soyuz in French Guiana started in the late 90s when we began the co-operation with Soyuz at Baikonur with [our subsidiary] Starsem, and in parallel there was - I would say - an opinion shared in Russia and Europe that it could be interesting to build a Soyuz launch pad in French Guiana," Jean-Yves Le Gall, the chairman and CEO of Arianespace, told me.
"For the Russians, the advantage is obvious - to have more launches and so to produce more launch vehicles. And for the Europeans, it was clear that the Ariane 5 would become bigger and bigger, and so we needed a mid-class launch vehicle.
"Developing a mid-class launch vehicle in Europe would have cost between three and five billion euros, and building the Soyuz launch pad has been just - if I can say 'just' - around 400 million euros," he explained.
"The other benefit is that we are able to launch from French territory some satellites with classified components that cannot be sent to Russia or Kazakhstan - for instance, Galileo. For Galileo, we are obliged to launch from French territory."
At the moment, Soyuz is used at Baikonur to launch astronauts to the International Space Station. No-one is talking about human missions for CSG yet, but the space in the jungle is there to build the additional facilities if that option is ever taken up.
UPDATE (09/11/2011):  I should add that before a Soyuz manned mission could ever fly from Sinnamary, considerable modifications would need to be made to its TMA capsule, which was designed to come back on land. A French Guiana launch would necessitate a contingency for an abort over the ocean, and getting the crew out of an unmodified capsule in water would be precarious to say the least.

The whitewashed walls of his house are pockmarked with blast marks and jagged holes gouged by flying shrapnel.
"Yesterday at 5.15 in the afternoon," he told me, "came an explosion from Yemen. My family were sitting just over there," he pointed to an abandoned mattress on the ground.
"Thank God they survived. In this house there are five families living hereâ€¦ There are children and women and old men here. What have they done to deserve this? It is not right."
Shortly after we left, seven more missiles landed in the neighbourhood, injuring several people and reportedly killing two.
Saudi Civil Defence workers say they were fired indiscriminately by Houthi rebels from across the border in Yemen.
Saudi Arabia is at war.
You wouldn't know it on the peaceful streets of its capital, Riyadh, but hundreds of miles to the south the civil war that has torn apart neighbouring Yemen is spilling over the border into Saudi towns and villages.
Saudi officials say more than 500 of their citizens have been killed by the Yemen war, a number dwarfed by the thousands killed in Yemen itself, but still a shock for this otherwise tranquil kingdom that is home to the holiest sites in Islam and is also the world's biggest oil producer.
We visited the ruins of a girls' elementary school in the village of Khawber, hit by a Houthi missile in the middle of the night.
In the shattered classroom the school clock lay on the floor, its hands stopped at the moment the missile exploded.
We met badly injured villagers, maimed by flying shrapnel when a Houthi rocket struck their mosque, and we were given rare access to a Saudi army Patriot anti-missile battery, placed in the desert facing Yemen, that has been intercepting ballistic missiles fired at Saudi Arabia's southern towns.
These Soviet-era missiles are aimed at the towns of Najran, Abha, Gizan, Khamis Mushayt and even, according to the Saudis, at the holy city of Mecca.
These ageing but still deadly Russian-made missiles belong to a stockpile amassed by the Yemeni army over the years and now taken over by the Houthis.
The weapons include Scud B missiles with a payload of nearly one tonne of high explosives, and the smaller Tochka with a payload of 482kg of explosives.
Saudi officers showed us the remnants of a downed Tochka, still bearing Cyrillic writing on its fuselage.
Between 6 June 2015 and 26 November 2016 the Saudi authorities have recorded 37 ballistic missiles fired from Yemen across the border into Saudi airspace.
Yet the damage to Saudi Arabia pales before the destruction next door in Yemen.
The war there started in September 2014 when fighters from a minority group, the Houthis, formed an alliance with the ousted former President, Ali Abdullah Saleh, who lent them the support of troops still loyal to him.
The Houthis, who demanded an end to corruption in government and a fairer distribution of power, marched down from their northern mountain stronghold around the town of Saada, took over the capital, Sanaa, dissolved parliament and put the president under house arrest.
Yemen, at the time, was just emerging from the chaos of the Arab Spring, a national dialogue had been completed, a new president chosen and there were high hopes for a peaceful, democratic future.
Those hopes were dashed.
The country's President, Mansour Hadi, fled for his life to the southern port of Aden where the Houthis bombed him from the air in his palace.
Yemen's legitimate, UN-recognised government, now in exile, appealed for help, and Saudi Arabia, alarmed - at what it saw as a takeover of Yemen by an Iranian proxy - stepped in.
Spearheaded by their newly appointed and then still untested Defence Minister, Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, the Saudis put together a coalition of mainly Arab countries and began a massive air campaign in March 2015.
They aimed to drive the Houthis back from territory they had seized and restore the legitimate government, backed by UN Security Council Resolution 2216.
This has not worked. Today the Houthis remain in control of much of Yemen and the death toll keeps mounting.
Both sides are accused of recklessly targeting civilians - but the UN has said the majority of casualties have been caused by coalition air strikes, a view disputed by both the Saudis and the Yemeni government.
In a guest palace in Riyadh, where exiled members of the Yemeni government gather, I met Rajhi Badi, their spokesman. He was unequivocal as to where the blame lies.
"There's only one reason for the destruction in Yemen. It's the Houthis and the forces of ex-President Saleh.
"They seized the government's weapons and are using them against Yemeni civilians in built-up areas," Mr Badi said.
But to hear first-hand how the Saudis account for so many civilian deaths, I went to the coalition headquarters in Riyadh to question the Saudi-led command on how they choose their targets, and - more importantly - what measures they take to avoid those civilian casualties.
King Salman Air base is a huge, sprawling, well-guarded base on the edge of Riyadh.
On one of its roundabouts a British-built Tornado jet is mounted, testimony to the multibillion pound ongoing defence sales relationship between Britain and the Royal Saudi Air Force.
Inside the command and control centre there are flags from 11 nations, and uniformed staff and intelligence officers working, from several Arab countries - notably Egypt, the UAE and Jordan, as well as Saudi Arabia.
A dynamic, digital map on the wall display shows the movement of every aircraft on or approaching Yemen.
The coalition has complete air superiority in this war - the Houthis and their backers no longer have an air force.
In a large chamber called the "War Room" a digital chart details the line-up of inbound combat aircraft heading for Yemen.
This is the daily "Air Tasking Order Schedule". It shows which aircraft are in the air, from which country, their callsigns, and their intended targets (e.g. Egypt - F16 - Callsign Viper - Time on target 1600 - Killbox grid etc.).
Senior Saudi officers inside the command and control centre insist that when choosing targets in Yemen the coalition abides by the Law of Armed Conflict (LOAC) and that every precaution is taken to avoid civilian casualties.
Yet reports from the ground describe schools, hospitals, factories and social gatherings all being hit from the air.
The worst single event was on 8 October 2016 when a double air strike by a coalition warplane hit a packed funeral hall in the capital Sanaa, killing 140 people, mostly civilians.
The Saudi-led coalition has since admitted it was carried out in error and has offered compensation.
I put it to Maj Gen Ahmed Al-Assiri, the coalition spokesman, that both international aid organisations and the UN blame air strikes for 60% of civilian casualties.
He responded by accusing the UN of being effectively spoon-fed false statistics by the Houthi rebels.
"I think it is a wrong number or it is an exaggerated number when they say 60% of the casualties in Yemen are due to the air strikes.
"They are not on the ground, they are just in Sanaa  and they write a report which the Houthis are giving to them."
The Saudi officers went to great lengths to insist they comply with international Rules of Engagement (ROE) and the LOAC.
They showed me their "No-Strike List" (NSL) which includes more than 30,000 sites all over Yemen, including refugee camps and hospitals.
Those Rules of Engagement state clearly:
They also explained their "Targeting Cycle", a circular chart detailing how air strikes are planned and executed, including a sign-off by a lawyer for every target chosen by the intelligence cell.
"If we plan a target," a senior Saudi intelligence officer told me, "it's going to go through this cycle. If it's close to a mosque or a hospital then we don't hit it."
But I pointed out this is exactly what has been happening, repeatedly, in Yemen, for the past 20 months.
Coalition officers admit there have been some mistakes - but they reminded me that even the US Air Force, with its vast experience, has hit wrong targets in Afghanistan and recently at Deir Az-zour in Syria.
"When you conduct a war in such circumstances," said Maj Gen al-Assiri referring to Yemen, "where the militias melt in with the civilians, it is too difficult.
"Mistakes could happen, and we do what is necessary to protect the civilians. We are here to protect the civilians, we are not here to harm the civilians," he added.
So what is Britain's role exactly in this messy, seemingly unwinnable war in Yemen?
Britain supplies Tornado and Typhoon aircraft and precision-guided munitions to the Saudi government under defence deals concluded before this war began.
Since the air strikes started in March 2015, the UK has sold over Â£3.3bn ($4.1bn) worth of defence equipment to Saudi Arabia with more planned.
This has prompted some campaigners to suggest that Britain is complicit in the carnage afflicting Yemen.
The British government's position is that Saudi Arabia is an ally and that it supports its UN-backed actions to restore the legitimate Yemeni government to power.
"This is a legitimate request by the Saudis and the coalition to respond to President Hadi and (UNSC) Resolution 2216 in support of the aggression by the Houthis," says the Foreign Office Minister responsible for the Middle East, Tobias Ellwood, MP.
"But mistakes have been made, there's no doubt about that. Attacks have taken place which shouldn't have taken place, hitting targets on the ground, collateral damage taking place. They need to learn from this."
Whitehall says RAF personnel placed inside coalition HQ are not involved in the targeting, that they are there to report back as well as to pass on to the Saudi-led coalition their expertise about best practice in avoiding civilian casualties.
The Saudis told me that their air force "takes its Paveway 4 Collateral Damage Chart from the UK'.
This is an interactive diagram composed of a series of questions that help planners decide whether or not a target is at risk of collateral damage (i.e. hitting civilians).
But regardless of whatever rules are followed in military planning cells in Riyadh, the fact remains that in Yemen, civilians are getting killed and injured by both sides.
The UK government was concerned enough about the funeral bombing in October that the Prime Minister sent the FCO Minister down to Riyadh to press the Saudi and exiled Yemeni governments for a full explanation, which duly followed.
From my several recent visits to Saudi Arabia I get the strong impression that the Saudis never expected the Houthis to hold out as long as they have.
By now, they expected them to have effectively sued for peace, accepted a purely political role in a future Yemeni government and handed over their heavy weapons to the UN.
That still hasn't happened, and for the Saudis this is a red line.
Time and again they have said they will not allow an armed militia, backed by their rival Iran, to hold onto power illegally in Yemen.
Until one side or the other backs down, this war shows no sign of ending.

Take our quiz to find out how heavily you can dino-score.

It also estimated Glasgow itself gained £390m. Over the years 2007-14, an average of 2,100 jobs were created, over half of them in Glasgow.
The report said the games were delivered on time and on budget.
It concluded the largest multi-sport event ever held in Scotland enjoyed "high levels" of public support and participation.
Take a look back at our collection of the Glasgow 2015 highlights
In terms of tourism, Glasgow 2014 attracted about 690,000 unique visitors.
The report said infrastructure for high performance sport had "clearly" been enhanced as a result of Glasgow and Scotland hosting the games.
The range of sports benefitting were said to include swimming, diving, cycling, bowling, hockey and badminton.
The most recent measures of physical activity in adults from the national population statistics are said to show the first increase for a number of years.
The report warns, however, that "further data are required to determine whether this is the beginning of a positive trend".
Chairwoman of sportscotland, Louise Martin, said: "As well as raising sport's profile in Scotland there are a number of positive indicators suggesting there has also been a significant boost for community and performance sport for the country.
"Facilities, both for community and high performance use, have improved substantially across Scotland and we are connecting those improved facilities and the growing number of coaches to the schools and clubs in our communities, which is helping to grow capacity in Scottish sport."
The games saw significant investment in Glasgow, especially in the east of the city.
Glasgow City Council deputy leader Archie Graham said: "We've seen more people participating in sport, inspired by last summer, which is fantastic.
"There's also new housing in the east of Glasgow and a refurbished train station, new roads around the area as well as shops and a doctor's surgery, so there's a fantastic legacy."
Sport minister Jamie Hepburn added: "Ever since Glasgow secured the bid, the Scottish government has been working with all the partners to build a lasting social, cultural and economic legacy for the whole of Scotland.
"As well as delivering the best Commonwealth Games ever, Glasgow 2014 brought so many opportunities to Scotland and continues to do so."
VisitScotland said the games had left "a lasting legacy on the country's growing event tourism industry".
Chairman Mike Cantlay said: "This year, Scotland's tourism industry is building on the energy and excitement of 2014, using strengths, such as our food and drink and quality visitor experiences, to take Scotland to the world and enhance our reputation as a must-visit, must-return destination."

The unscheduled stop came after he called for an end to the "increasingly unacceptable" Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
Speaking in Bethlehem, the Pope invited the Israeli and Palestinian presidents to the Vatican to pray for peace.
The tour's official purpose is to improve ties with the Orthodox Church.
The Pope is to meet Bartholomew I, the Orthodox Patriarch of Constantinople, in Jerusalem later - to commemorate the 50th anniversary of a historic meeting of Catholic and Orthodox leaders who moved to end 900 years of division between the two churches.
Francis's visit comes just weeks after peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians broke down, and his invitation to Rome for Presidents Peres and Abbas - quickly welcomed by both -  is an intriguing development, says BBC Middle East Editor Jeremy Bowen.
Following the Mass in Bethlehem, the Pope flew by helicopter to Tel Aviv where he was formally welcomed to Israel by President Shimon Peres and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
This has turned into a much better than expected visit for the Palestinians, according to a PLO official I spoke to here in Bethlehem.
Palestinians have used social media to post pictures of Pope Francis praying at the 8m concrete wall that separates Bethlehem from Jerusalem. The Israelis say the wall and other parts of the separation barrier are vital for the security of their people. But for Palestinians the wall is tangible symbol of what they say is Israel's intention to grab as much land as possible.
The invitation to Rome for President Peres of Israel and the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is an intriguing development, at a time when negotiations have collapsed. The Pope's spokesman said it was a papal peace initiative, based on the Pope's moral and spiritual authority.
"The time has come to put an end to this situation which has become increasingly unacceptable," the Pope said on Sunday as he met Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas.
He talked of the "tragic consequences of the protracted conflict" and the need "to intensify efforts and initiatives" to create a stable peace - based on a two-state solution.
He later held an open-air Mass for 8,000 local Christians by Bethlehem's Church of the Nativity, during which he said he wished to invite Mr Abbas and Mr Peres to join him at the Vatican "in heartfelt prayer to God for the gift of peace".
The Pope's spokesman, Federico Lombardi, told the BBC the move was papal peace initiative and believed to be the first of its kind.
Pope Francis has insisted the purpose of his Middle East trip is purely religious, but his first speech on his arrival in Bethlehem showed he is also willing to address pressing political issues, correspondents say.
On his way to Bethlehem, he stopped to pray at an 8m concrete wall that is part of the barrier Israel is building in and around the West Bank.
The Pope rested his head against the wall - which Israel says is needed for security, but the Palestinians see as a land grab - near graffiti reading: "Free Palestine."
Palestinian officials have noted that Pope Francis is the first pontiff to travel directly to the West Bank rather than enter via Israel: Many Palestinians see that as a recognition of their push for full statehood.
Israel has issued restraining orders against several Jewish right-wing activists this week over concerns that they could try to disrupt the visit.
Twenty-six people were arrested overnight for throwing stones and bottles at police during a protest at a holy site on Mount Zion, reports say.
The Pope's tour began on Saturday with a visit to Jordan.
On Monday he is due to visit the al-Aqsa mosque complex in Jerusalem's Old City followed by the Dome of the Rock and the Western Wall.
Pope Francis will be the fourth leader of the modern Roman Catholic Church to visit Jerusalem, after Popes Paul VI, John Paul II and Benedict XVI, who went there in 2009.

The report is co-authored by Professor David Nutt, the former government chief drugs adviser who was sacked in 2009.
It ranked 20 drugs on 16 measures of harm to users and to wider society.
Heroin, crack and crystal meth were deemed worst for individuals, with alcohol, heroin and crack cocaine worst for society, and alcohol worst overall.
The study by the Independent Scientific Committee on Drugs also said tobacco and cocaine were judged to be equally harmful, while ecstasy and LSD were among the least damaging.
Professor Nutt refused to leave the drugs debate when he was sacked from his official post by the former Labour Home Secretary, Alan Johnson.
He went on to form the Independent Scientific Committee on Drugs, which says it aims to investigate the drug issue without any political interference.
One of its other members is Dr Les King, another former government adviser who quit over Prof Nutt's treatment.
Members of the group, joined by two other experts, scored each drug for harms including mental and physical damage, addiction, crime and costs to the economy and communities.
The study involved 16 criteria, including a drug's affects on users' physical and mental health, social harms including crime, "family adversities" and environmental damage, economic costs and "international damage".
The findings run contrary to the government's long-established drug classification system, but the paper's authors argue that their system - based on the consensus of experts - provides an accurate assessment of harm for policy makers.
"Our findings lend support to previous work in the UK and the Netherlands, confirming that the present drug classification systems have little relation to the evidence of harm," the paper says.
"They also accord with the conclusions of previous expert reports that aggressively targeting alcohol harms is a valid and necessary public health strategy."
In 2007, Prof Nutt and colleagues undertook a limited attempt to create a harm ranking system, sparking controversy over the criteria and the findings.
The new, more complex, system ranked alcohol as three times more harmful than cocaine or tobacco. Ecstasy was ranked as causing one-eighth the harm of alcohol.
It also contradicted the Home Office's decision to make the so-called legal high mephedrone a Class B drug, saying that alcohol was five times more harmful.
The rankings have been published to coincide with a conference on drugs policy, organised by Prof Nutt's committee.
Prof Nutt told the BBC: "Overall, alcohol is the most harmful drug because it's so widely used.
"Crack cocaine is more addictive than alcohol but because alcohol is so widely used there are hundreds of thousands of people who crave alcohol every day, and those people will go to extraordinary lengths to get it."
He said it was important to separate harm to individuals and harm to society.
The Lancet paper written by Prof Nutt, Dr King and Dr Lawrence Phillips, does not examine the harm caused to users by taking more than one drug at a time.
Gavin Partington, of the Wine and Spirit Trade Association, said alcohol abuse affected "a minority"  who needed "education, treatment and enforcement".
Mr Partington, who is the spokesman for the Wine and Spirit Trade Association, said millions of people enjoyed alcohol "as part of a regular and enjoyable social drink".
"Clearly alcohol misuse is a problem in the country and our real fear is that, by talking in such extreme terms, Professor Nutt and his colleagues risk switching people off from considering the real issues and the real action that is needed to tackle alcohol misuse," he said.
"We are talking about a minority. We need to focus policy around that minority, which is to do with education, treatment and enforcement."
A Home Office spokesman said: "Our priorities are clear - we want to reduce drug use, crack down on drug-related crime and disorder and help addicts come off drugs for good."

The nine-year-old (9-2) looked beaten at the final fence but dug deep under Paddy Brennan for victory.
Vautour and Ruby Walsh had been at the head of the field for much of the three-mile test of stamina.
The 15-8 favourite Don Cossack fell with two fences to go while well in contention and Al Ferof finished third.
Two-time winner Silviniaco Conti was pulled up after a disappointing run.
Cue Card, trained by Colin Tizzard, underwent surgery on a trapped epiglottis in February and has been in superb form this season with wins in the Charlie Hall Chase at Wetherby and Haydock's Betfair Chase.
This success puts him in line for a £1m bonus on offer to the winner of the Betfair Chase, the King George and then the Cheltenham Gold Cup in March.
Vautour, bidding to become the first Irish-trained winner since Kicking King in 2005, looked the more likely to triumph as they turned for home but a jumping error at the second last gave Cue Card a chance.
The pair fought it out to the line with Cue Card getting his nose in front in the final couple of strides to win by a head with Al Ferof third for the third year in succession, this time for Dan Skelton.
"It's the best feeling of my whole career," said Brennan. "I can't take it in. I've beaten one of the best horses in training and beaten one of the best jockeys I've ever ridden against. My wife and son watching at home will be so proud.
"For people that say he doesn't stay, he stayed right to the line to get there."
Tizzard added: "Nowadays he's a completely different horse, he might not look as if he's going very well but he has that left for the end. It's fantastic.
"He's been a great horse for five or six seasons now. Going to the last, if he'd met it on a good stride he'd have won easier.
"We'll see how he is, but he looks like a Gold Cup horse now, whether he races again [before Cheltenham] I don't know, he's had a hard race and was all out."
Vautour's trainer Willie Mullins said it appeared that a lack of stamina cost his horse.
"He did everything right, bar the last 20 yards," he said.
"He didn't jump the last as efficiently as he could have, but it was a very brave run, as it was from the winner. I don't know if his stamina gave out, but it probably looks like that."
Paddy Brennan was fined £4,200 and banned for 11 days for excessive use of the whip in winning on Cue Card.
And Ruby Walsh also fell foul of the officials, picking up a two-day whip ban.

The singer already has five number one singles to her name, including Rather Be with Clean Bandit and her Tinie Tempah collaboration Not Letting Go.
"It's the most insane feeling to have your whole album accepted by the British public," said Glynne.
Fight Song singer Rachel Platten said she was "excited and proud" to top the UK singles chart.
After a close race she sold almost 3,000 more copies than this week's number two, Felix Jaehn's Ain't Nobody (Loves Me Better) ft Jasmine Thompson.
Fight Song has made the top 10 in the US, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and Belgium so far.
"It's amazing to me that this song that I wrote when I was going through one of the hardest times in my life is also the thing that made my dreams come true," Platten told the Official Charts Company.
"I'm just kind of overwhelmed and really grateful."
Last week's number one single - Jess Glynne's Don't Be So Hard On Yourself - was at three.
Calvin Harris & Disciples' How Deep Is Your Love was number four, while also being the UK's most-streamed track for a third week running with 2.44m listens.
The Weeknd's Can't Feel My Face - this week's number six - also broke the two million streams barrier this week, with a total of 2.18m.
Also in the singles chart, Charlie Puth's Marvin Gaye ft Meghan Trainor was number five.
Last week's number one album, The Very Best of Cilla Black, slipped to number two, while Bon Jovi's 13th studio album Burning Bridges entered the chart at three.
Britain's Got Talent duo Bars & Melody's debut album 143 entered the chart at number four, while Dr Dre's Compton is number five.
Glynne's number one album sold just under 60,000 copies - giving her the second biggest opening of the year for a debut artist, behind James Bay's Chaos and the Calm, which sold 64,000.
"To see how well it's been received is possibly one of the most overwhelming feelings I've ever had," said Glynne.
"I'm so proud and excited about this album - I love every song on it. The fact that people are buying it and loving it as well is like some insane dream."
The Official Chart with Greg James is on BBC Radio 1 every Friday from 16:00 BST.

The death of Stephen Phillips, 54, at his Wolverhampton flat was not thought to be suspicious but tests proved he was struck before he fell.
Lewis Thornton, 24, went on trial for manslaughter and robbery but changed his pleas to guilty.
Thornton, of no fixed abode, was sentenced at Wolverhampton Crown Court.
Mr Phillips had his mobile phone stolen by Thornton on 11 March 2014.
He walked from the scene on Derry Street, at its junction with Birmingham Road in Blakenhall, to his flat in nearby Dudley Road. His son Barry found him dead the next day.
A post-mortem examination showed he died from a brain injury sustained the previous evening.
Following sentencing, Mr Phillips' partner Tina Fury said it was heartbreaking he was killed for "a Â£20 mobile phone".
"I'll never ever accept [Thornton's] apology, never. It won't bring Steve back and we've got a life sentence without him," Ms Fury said.

The black Labrador was found dead by animal welfare officers who called to a flat in the Greystone estate in Antrim.
The starved dog died entangled in a window blind, probably in a failed attempt to escape, the court heard.
Its owner, Aleshia McLaverty, pleaded guilty to permitting unnecessary pain or distress to a dog under her control.
The 23-year-old, who no longer lives at or has any connection to the flat at Firmount Drive, was given a two month jail term, suspended for two years.
The judge at Antrim Magistrates' Court also banned her from keeping animals for five years.
The case against her was taken by Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council, after its staff responded to a report of a dead animal at the property last April.
A prosecution lawyer described how the animal welfare officers were met with distressing sights and smells when they entered the flat.
He said the toilet bowl was dry, suggesting the dog had drank from it and there were scratch marks on packets of food consistent with the dog trying to find something to eat.
A post-mortem examination revealed the Labrador had died of dehydration and starvation, and that it was likely it had tried to jump through a window to escape but then became entangled on a blind.
During a previous hearing in the case, a judge said pictures taken at the scene were "the worst photos I have ever seen of cruelty to an animal".
A defence barrister said it was a "tragic case of passive neglect" and said the dog was trapped in the house when his client became pregnant and went to live with her mother.
He said the defendant was "very emotional and distressed" and came to the court with a "good character" and a clear record.
The judge said he had to give McLaverty credit for her guilty plea and her clear record and he suspended the jail term.
McLaverty, who also admitted being the keeper of a dog without a valid licence, was ordered to pay costs of Â£119.

The government could also order local authorities to bring in a five-minute "grace period" before issuing tickets when cars remain in bays for too long.
And it is looking at banning the use of CCTV cameras to enforce on-street parking restrictions.
Fixed-penalty charges currently range from £70 to £130 in London and from £40 to £70 elsewhere.
In a recent report, the Commons Transport Committee said it was "hard to justify parking fines that are substantially more than the fines for more serious offences like speeding", for which the minimum penalty is £100 and three penalty points added to the offender's licence.
Since then, Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin has frozen the maximum fines councils can impose for parking offences until the 2015 general election.
But, in its response to the MPs' report, the Department for Transport goes further in looking at changing the system, saying it is "considering the legislative options to abolish the minimum rates for parking penalty charges".
This would be "an initial step to giving local authorities the scope to allow lower charges (than £70 in London and £40 in the rest of England) for minor parking variations", such as overstaying in car parks or on-street bays.
It is also looking at banning the use of CCTV cameras to enforce on-street parking restrictions, after the MPs said this could make "common-sense" decisions on when to issue penalties more difficult.
The Local Government Association has calculated that councils made a surplus from on- and off-street parking of £411m in 2011-12, while the RAC Foundation put the figure at £565m.
It is illegal for local authorities to set fines in order to raise revenue.
In a report published last autumn, the Transport Committee said: "A common-sense approach to parking enforcement should minimise the issuing of penalty charge notices to motorists who make honest mistakes."
This should include imposing a nationwide five-minute "grace" period before imposing fines on drivers whose parking tickets have expired, as already happens in some areas, it added.
In its response, the government says this is "worthy of consideration" and is asking the public to put forward its views on this and other proposals.
Transport minister Robert Goodwill said: "The government is committed to reining in over-zealous parking enforcement and unjust parking practices. It is not fair to motorists and needs to stop. That is why we have frozen parking penalty charges for the remainder of this parliament. However, we haven't stopped there.
"We have also recently launched a public consultation proposing a number of changes to make sure local authorities are not short-changing motorists and operate in a fair manner. These changes could see the end of CCTV being used for on-street parking, unnecessary yellow lines and the introduction of compulsory 'grace periods' at the end of paid on-street parking."
The Transport Committee's chairman, Labour MP Louise Ellman, said: "Parking enforcement is an important issue for motorists and for the management of urban roads - including the revitalisation of our town centres so the Transport Committee is pleased to see the government take such a positive attitude to our recommendations."
Prof Stephen Glaister, director of the RAC Foundation, said: "We should see most parking offences for what they are. Not crimes but misdemeanours and we need enforcement that reflects this.
"We need some proportionality and transparency. At the very least all councils should publish an annual report outlining what their parking policy is, how charges are set and where any surplus goes."

Manchester City won 1-0 in Lyon, but went down 3-2 on aggregate.
Paris St Germain scored a 5-1 aggregate win over Barcelona to claim their place in the final.
The final will be followed two days later by the men's final at the Principality Stadium, with Real Madrid facing Atletico Madrid and Juventus playing Monaco in the semi finals.

The jobless rate was steady at an 11-year low of 4.8%, the Office for National Statistics said.
The employment rate was steady at a record 74.5%, while wage growth picked up pace.
Average weekly earnings excluding bonuses increased by 2.7% compared with a year earlier.
Growth in pay including bonuses rose 0.2 percentage points to 2.8% for the year to November.
However, the number of people in work slipped by 9,000 to just over 31.8 million, the ONS said.
It was the second consecutive report to show a decline in the number of people in work - the first back-to-back fall since mid-2015.
The number of full-time workers was 209,000 higher at 23.25 million people, while the total of part-time employees jumped 86,000 to 8.55 million.
Employment minister Damian Hinds described the figures as encouraging and highlighted the "strength and resilience" of the UK labour market.
David Freeman, ONS senior statistician, said: "While employment is little changed on the quarter, the rate remains at an historic high."
"The rate at which pay is increasing continues to pick up in cash terms, though it remains moderate," he added.
The claimant count fell by 10,100 in December to 797,800.
Appropriate scepticism is due, but it looks very much like growth in the labour force, which we have taken for granted for years, has ground slowly to a halt from a peak last July.
Within the labour market is another number, more perhaps of political than economic significance. But it is an official statistic and one that those who successfully campaigned for the UK to leave the European Union would point to: where the newly employed people were born.
These data were first published in November and are for the July to September period, but are nevertheless worth noting.
The number of UK-born people working in the UK rose by 37,000. The number of non-UK born people working in Britain rose by 430,000.
Next month we will get the updated numbers for nationality and birth in the workforce and therefore have a better idea of whether it has anything to do with the Brexit vote.
Paul Hollingsworth at Capital Economics said the UK labour market remained resilient despite Brexit uncertainty.
"Employment fell by 9,000 in the three months to November, but this was a much smaller fall than the consensus expectation of a 35,000 drop," he said.
"And the timelier claimant-count measure of unemployment fell by 10,100, in contrast to expectations of a 5,000 rise. Employment growth should maintain a decent pace in the near term."
There were 8.89 million people aged 16 to 64 who were not working and not looking for jobs or available to work - known as economically inactive - for the three months to November. That was 85,000 higher than the June-to-August period, but 63,000 fewer than the three months to November 2015.
The jobless rate for the three months to November in Wales stood at 4.4%, 5.1% for Scotland and 5.6% in Northern Ireland.
In England the South East had the lowest rate of unemployment at 3.4%, with the North East the highest at 6.8%. London also has a higher rate than the national average at 5.6%.
The unemployment figures are based on the Labour Force Survey in which the ONS talks to about 40,000 households, or 100,000 individuals, every three months.
As it is a survey, the results are estimates and have a margin of error.
For example, the ONS is 95% confident that its estimate of a fall in unemployment of 52,000 is correct to within 81,000.
That means we cannot say with 95% confidence that unemployment has fallen at all, so the drop is described as not being statistically significant.

Officers fired water cannon and tear gas to disperse thousands of protesters, with some of the gas leaking into the courtroom.
Many demonstrators waved Turkish flags and chanted anti-government slogans, showing solidarity with the defendants.
The "Ergenekon" plot allegedly aimed to topple the AK Party government.
Since Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan came to power, heading an Islamist-rooted movement, hundreds of military officers - serving or retired - have been arrested.
The investigations have undermined the traditionally powerful influence of the military in Turkish politics.
They also illustrate the deep divisions between secular nationalists - who see themselves as the heirs of the country's founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk; and supporters of the government - who want to reduce the role of the military and make more room for the public practice of Islam, says the BBC's James Reynolds in Istanbul.
It is not yet known when the hearing will resume, our correspondent says.
Thousands of people, from several towns, started arriving by coach very early on Monday to support the defendants at the prison-court complex in Silivri.
Protesters shouted, "We are the soldiers of Mustafa Kemal!". They said the four-year long trial was unfair and politically motivated.
Some tried to tear down police barriers in front of the courthouse.
Correspondents said the whole complex was under a cloud of tear gas, and it even leaked into the courtroom, where the hearing was interrupted with arguments about who could sit where.
Retired armed forces commander Gen Ilker Basbug is among the defendants, along with a number of military officers, politicians, academics and journalists.
Prosecutors have demanded life imprisonment for Gen Basbug and 63 others, including nine other generals.
They are accused of links to an ultra-nationalist secret network called Ergenekon, which allegedly tried to foment chaos and trigger a military coup to oust the AKP. Mr Erdogan has been in power since 2002.
Critics say there is little evidence for the charges and accuse the government of trying to silence its secularist opponents.
In a separate trial last September three former army generals were sentenced to 20 years in jail each for plotting a coup against the AKP.
Nearly 330 other officers - including some senior military figures - were also convicted over the "Operation Sledgehammer" plot.
Turkey's military has long seen itself as the guarantor of the country's secular constitution.
It staged three coups between 1960 and 1980 and has a history of tension with the AKP.

The objects that have either come ashore or brought close to isles in stormy weather have included lost pieces of military hardware and massive containers and even a boat carrying an empty coffin.
In 2009, a Canadian author was reunited with a message in a bottle following its 2,000-mile, five month-long journey across the Atlantic.
Ross Traverse had expected the bottle to wash up somewhere along the coast from his home in Torbay, Newfoundland.
However, it was found by two RSPB Scotland workers during a beach clean on Oronsay in the Inner Hebrides.
Mr Traverse travelled by plane, train, ferry and small boat to reach the isle to collect his message and bottle.
Four years ago, a Scots fisherman set a new Guinness World Record after finding a message in a bottle 98 years after it was released.
Andrew Leaper's discovery east of Shetland beat the previous record for the longest time a bottle had been adrift at sea by more than five years.
The drift bottle - containing a postcard which promised a reward of six pence to the finder - was released in June 1914 by Captain CH Brown of the Glasgow School of Navigation.
It was in a batch of 1,890 scientific research bottles which were specially designed to sink to help map the currents of the seas around Scotland when they were returned. About 300 of them have been found.
"Today's shout had an air of transatlantic mystery," said the RNLI following an unusual discovery in July 2013.
Tobermory lifeboat crew found what appeared to be a US Coastguard-certified craft with bullet holes in it off Muck in the Small Isles.
The RNLI said the upturned 14ft aluminium dinghy appeared to have been in the water for some time.
Just days earlier, the same Isle of Mull-based crew also recovered a large red object that resembled targets towed out to sea and used by the military.
The west coast of Scotland is used as a training area during the twice yearly UK-led Nato exercise Joint Warrior, and the red target was thought to be connected to that exercise.
In October 2015, another military target drone was found washed up on at the beach at Baleshare on North Uist.
The coastguard said it was a Mirach 100/5. This type of drone is used by armed forces worldwide to train on weapons systems.
It was cordoned off before later being removed. The find came just days after the finish of a staging of Exercise Joint Warrior.
In 2007, a giant metal container appeared on a beach on the Western Isles.
It turned out that the 15m-long tank, similar to those used to ferment beer, was one of six lost overboard from a ship close to the south western approaches to the English Channel.
After being adrift at sea for three weeks, the container was found by a dog walker on Poll na Crann - known as Stinky Bay - on Benbecula.
The following year the crew of a yacht with an empty coffin strapped to the deck had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew after losing their way near the Western Isles.
RNLI volunteers from Barra were called out after the craft got lost on its passage from America to Norway.
The coffin was bound for a bar in Norway's capital, Oslo.

Brian Tynan, 30, is accused of breaking into the Co-op shop on Lawers Drive on 4 May and stealing cigarettes and alcohol.
Mr Tynan is also accused of trying to break into Size? clothing shop in Dundee's High Street on the same date.
Prosecutors also allege he stole a car from Silport Place in Carnoustie on 4 May.
Mr Tynan, of Dundee, faces a total of ten charges, including driving without a licence or insurance and stealing two sets of car keys and two handbags.
He made no plea or declaration during a hearing in private at Dundee Sheriff Court and was granted bail.

The company said this year's profits would be at the low end of forecasts, and next year's would be hit by "headwinds" of about £650m.
Rolls-Royce also said it would put shareholder payments under review, suggesting it could cut its dividend.
At close, the FTSE 100 index was down 118.52 points, or 1.88%, at 6,178.68.
Mining shares were also weighing on the index, after renewed worries over the strength of China's economy hit metals prices.
Glencore's share price fell 7.6%, dropping below the £1 mark, and among other mining companies Anglo American was down 8.7%.
BAE Systems rose 3.8% after the company announced that it would cut up to 371 jobs as it slows production of its Typhoon fighter jets.
BAE added that Typhoon sales were expected to fall from about £1.3bn this year to £1.1bn in 2016.
In the FTSE 250, Halfords shares dropped 8.1% after the cycling and car parts chain reported a 6.3% drop in half-year profits to £46.4m.
The retailer blamed "disappointing" bike sales during the summer for the fall. It also said next year's profits were likely to be "broadly unchanged" from this year.
On the currency markets, the pound fell 0.01% against the dollar to $1.5210, and was down 0.29% against the euro at €1.4123.

The rare bird, which had been 'adopted' by pupils at Ballyclare High School, in County Antrim, was found in the Katesbridge area in May.
The current population of red kites in Northern Ireland is thought to stand at around 14 breeding pairs.
Pupils had given the bird the nickname Fawkes and were supporting an RSPB red kite re-introduction scheme.
Teacher Adrian Witherow said: "We are extremely disappointed about what has happened to Fawkes.
"Both the staff and pupils were fully behind the red kite re-introduction scheme and it is a real shame that the bird which we have followed for a number of years has been deliberately targeted."
He added: "RSPB NI has offered us the chance to adopt a chick born this year, which will be doing to show our ongoing support for the project."
The bird was found near a nest site usually occupied by a male and female known as Black K and Black M.
Worryingly, they have not been seen in recent months and their nest, which was freshly lined in preparation for breeding, has not been active for weeks.
Claire Barnett from RSPB NI said: "To lose any of our small red kite population is a real setback, but to find out that someone deliberately killed this magnificent bird of prey is beyond belief.
Ms Barnett added: "Like all wild birds, red kites are protected by the law and it is an offence to injure or kill one.
"We would also encourage the public to keep an eye out for Black K and Black M.
"Look for the tags on the underside of the wing and report any sightings to: redkiteni@rspb.org.uk"

19 November 2015 Last updated at 10:34 GMT
But despite her incredible talent, she was badly bullied at school.
As part of national Anti-Bullying week Sarah shared her story with Newsround's Martin.
Press play to see her full interview and hear her top tips on how to overcome bullying.
On 19 November Newsround are broadcasting a special programme on CBBC called Bullying - The Newsround Debate.
If you need support or help to deal with bullying CBBC has lots of information.

They felt they were unfairly targeted with email marketing and TV shopping at night when their defences were down.
The report's authors, the Money and Mental Health Policy Institute, said shoppers should be allowed to set "opening hours" for online accounts.
A retailers' trade body said no shop deliberately targeted the vulnerable.
Internet shopping is valued at Â£1bn every week, with sales representing about 15% of all retail activity in the UK.
The report said that 24-hour online shopping meant "consumers who struggle to control their spending find themselves at greater risk than ever before".
Retailers send personalised emails to customers, based on previous purchases, which may include short-term discounts and promotions.
The report claimed that while most retailers targeted their marketing for first thing in the morning - from 06:00 to 09:00 - or early evening - from 17:00 to 22:00, a few seemed to frequently send emails at night - from midnight to 05:00.
Some mental health problems manifest themselves in compulsive buying, making purchases which are later regretted and could lead them into a spiral of debt.
So-called crisis spending often occurs during periods of poor mental health and was "motivated by emotional or psychological needs and processes rather than material need", the report said.
"Some people experiencing mental health problems find it difficult to return online purchases. They often feel too ashamed or guilty about their behaviour, or may face practical barriers such as social phobia preventing them from going to the post office."
The institute called for:
Bryan Johnston, from the British Retail Consortium, which represents retailers, said: "This report raises some serious issues which retailers consider carefully, but no retailers deliberately target vulnerable customers.
"The timing of marketing varies greatly, but mails are generally timed to land when they are most likely to be seen and never with a view to exploiting a particular vulnerability. All customers are able to opt out of marketing, which for many delivers useful product news and special offers."

Gold will report for work at Sixways on Monday morning to inherit a Warriors side who currently are up against it.
"It was something I instigated," Hogg told BBC Hereford & Worcester.
"Gary coming in gives us direction. It allows me to go back on the shop floor and do more hands on stuff," he added.
"I can go back to working with the squad day to day."
Warriors chief executive Jim O'Toole says the latest change in management structure was one discussed at boardroom level.
"We had a lengthy, very open and honest, frank and honourable conversation with Carl and we decided that support was needed," he told BBC Hereford & Worcester.
"It was part of an ongoing review we'd been undertaking as results have developed throughout the season. In this brutal league, there's no hiding place when things aren't going well. And he mapped out the sort of support he needed.
"Gary coming in will help with a galvanising of the team. Players like certainty. They like a strong voice of leadership. Gary has a proven track record of turning teams around. We believe that a fresh voice is what is required."
Warriors are misfiring in the Premiership, having won just twice, and drawn two of their 13 games this season to sit just a point above bottom club Bristol.
They are also out of the European Challenge Cup and are now looking unlikely to progress in the Anglo-Welsh Cup after Saturday's 28-22 home defeat by Harlequins.
Warriors led 14-0 after first-half tries from centre Wynand Olivier and wing Bryce Heem and were still leading 10 minutes into the second half, 19-7, thanks to a third try from hooker Josepeh Taufete'e,
But Quins lock forward Charlie Matthews' interception try transformed the contest, before two late tries from Alofa Alofa completed the turnaround,
"We were on top 14-0 and looking a very good side," added Hogg. "But, after the interception try, we lost a little momentum. It dented our confidence and we struggled to get a handle in the second half. We needed to weather the storm and Quins picked us off."
To add to injury-hit Warriors' woes, they now look unlikely to have flanker Carl Kirwan back this season following his shoulder injury and their hopes of recalling South African Francois Hougaard for his first start of the season were scuppered as he has now gone down with tonsillitis.

RWE Innogy UK has proposed erecting up to 20 turbines at Glen Kyllachy near Tomatin south of Inverness.
Highland Council's south planning applications committee unanimously rejected the application last year.
Members of the committee said the development would have "a significant detrimental visual impact".

What started as an "attempted coup" targeting President Salva Kiir - though the accused deny it was anything of the sort - has mutated into something that threatens the whole country.
The army admits it has lost control of Bor, the capital of Jonglei state, to forces apparently led by General Peter Gadet.
Perhaps worse still, the fighting is already exacerbating ethnic tensions in what is an ethnically divided country.
The initial trigger for the violence was political - the ambitions of people like former Vice-President Riek Machar and the determination of President Kiir to hold onto power.
President Kiir hasn't yet convinced everyone that Mr Machar and other senior politicians intended to overthrow him by force.
"I think all of the bits of information coming out don't point to a coup," says South Sudan expert Douglas H Johnson.
"I am not even sure we can say there was a concerted mutiny," he adds.
But with at least 10 of the president's opponents locked up, Mr Machar, who is on the run, now has his back against the wall.
Even if he didn't want to go into rebellion, he is being pushed in that direction.
Mr Johnson feels the crisis is the result of two different processes.
The first is the "state of dissatisfaction" within the governing SPLM party.
The second is the reintegration of militiamen formerly linked to the old enemy in Khartoum in the national army.
These soldiers did not feel "secure", Mr Johnson says.
One of them, Gen Gadet, sprang into action after reports of his fellow Nuers being killed began to come out of Juba.
Mr Machar and Gen Gadet are both ethnic Nuers, but they haven't always fought on the same side in the past.
There has been no confirmation yet from either man that they are working together.
That said, the South Sudanese government clearly believes they are.
The prospect is frightening.
Gen Gadet is a tough fighter who has often rebelled against the SPLM.
An expert on the Sudans, John Young, memorably described him as someone who "is said to wash only one side of his face at a time so that he can always keep an eye open".
However he is not a politician.
Luka Biong, a former SPLM minister now at Harvard university, says that "it is believed that Gadet is under the political leadership of Dr Riek and Taban Deng", the former governor of Unity state, who is also wanted by the government.
Again, this needs to be confirmed.
But this combination of political and military strength would seriously threaten the government, in the way that Gen Gadet's previous rebellion or those of other military men like Bapiny Montuil or George Athor did not.
Mr Machar is not universally liked, but he does have passionate supporters, who are often from the Nuer.
The ethnic dimension is particularly worrying for the country.
Human Rights Watch reports that both Nuer and Dinka (President Kiir's ethnic group) were killed because of their ethnicity in Juba.
A political clash is aggravating already existing ethnic tensions.
For many Dinka, the attack on Bor brings back horrifying memories.
In 1991, when Mr Machar broke away to form his own rebel movement, soldiers and armed Nuer civilians allied to him carried out the Bor massacre.
Amnesty International said at least 2,000 Dinka were killed, though the real number may have been higher.
As Gen Gadet's Nuer soldiers attack Bor, many Dinka from the region are terrified that something similar may reoccur.
So what will happen now?
Both President Kiir and Mr Machar will come under regional and international pressure to negotiate.  The former has said he is ready to talk.
However, it would be no surprise if this did not happen, or did not end the fighting.
Mr Biong is concerned that Gen Gadet could link up with the Murle rebel leader, David Yau Yau, who also operates in Jonglei.
If he does, it would be quite a leap, since Gen Gadet had been one of the main army commanders charged with fighting David Yau Yau.
Nevertheless, in the topsy turvy world of South Sudanese military politics, it would not be totally surprising, not least because both have close links to Khartoum.
The states of Unity and Upper Nile should be watched closely too.
In both - and to a lesser extent in the Equatorias in the southernmost part of South Sudan - there are a lot of angry young men who are fed up with the president's leadership.
It would be no surprise if the fighting spread.
Mr Biong says the situation is dramatic enough to require wide-reaching measures.
Juba should "dissolve the current government to form a government of national unity guided by the SPLM to oversee the next elections in 2015, release all detainees and commit to reconciliation within the SPLM", he says.
That seems unlikely, however.
The next phase may well be a military one, as both sides test out the limits of their strength.
All this is a result of the decades of war in southern Sudan, a political class dominated by ambition, and an ethnically divided and militarised society.
Just over two years after it became independent, South Sudan is living out some of its worst fears.

Former CBI boss John Cridland has been appointed to lead the review, the first of regular five-year assessments.
Those under the age of about 55 will be affected by the shake-up, which will consider what the state retirement age should be from April 2028.
The results will be published next May.
The government said the review, required under existing legislation, would consider changes in life expectancy as well as wider changes in society and "make sure that the state pension is sustainable and affordable for future generations."
It said it would also consider whether "the current system of a universal state pension age" rising in line with life expectancy was "optimal in the long run".
This suggests the review will look at whether the retirement age should rise even if life expectancy slows.
Currently, the state pension age is set to be 67 for both men and women by 2028.
"It's not just about raising it [state pension age], it's about considering the best way to manage the state pension age policy," Pensions minister, Baroness Roz Altmann, told the BBC.
But Tom McPhail, head of retirement policy at financial services firm Hargreaves Lansdown, said the review meant state retirement age would increase faster than currently expected.
"We fully expect state pension ages to go up faster than currently planned, and those joining the workforce today are likely to find themselves waiting until their mid-70s to get a payout from the state system," he said.
Shadow work and pensions secretary Owen Smith also warned that "the terms of this review may suggest that the Tory Government is set to speed up rises in the state pension age, throwing into chaos the retirement plans of millions of British workers."

Paceman Eranga felt discomfort while batting during Sri Lanka's one-day international win over Ireland.
"He was OK and stable and we're awaiting the results," said a Sri Lanka Cricket spokesman.
The 29-year-old's bowling action was reported during the second Test against England in May.
Eranga was tested on 6 June at the National Cricket Performance Centre in Loughborough, which is accredited by the International Cricket Council.
"The assessment revealed that all deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations," said an ICC statement.
Eranga, who has played 41 times for Sri Lanka across all three formats, is still able to play domestic cricket in Sri Lanka, with the consent of the country's cricket board.
He can apply for a reassessment of his action once it has been modified.
Sri Lanka face England in the first ODI at Trent Bridge on Tuesday.
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.

Media playback is not supported on this device
The four-time Olympic champion will try to break the individual world hour record as part of his build-up to Rio with Team Wiggins.
"Cycling has given me everything," said the 34-year-old.
"I want to build something to inspire kids and to reach all those people who might be on the fringes of the sport."
He added: "My message is simple: if I can do it, then so can you."
Media playback is not supported on this device
The team will feature young British talent including England's Andy Tennant, Jon Dibben, Steven Burke, Daniel Patten and Mike Thompson, Welshman Owain Doull, Mark Christian of the Isle of Man and Scotland's Iain Paton.
The team's calendar of UK track and road events will be unveiled in spring 2015.
Team Wiggins will operate independently of British Cycling, but the governing body has given its backing to the outfit, which aims to provide opportunities for British riders to gain experience and track time together in the build-up to Rio 2016.
British Cycling chief executive Ian Drake said Wiggins has "helped to inspire a new generation of British cyclists".
He added: "Sir Bradley won his first Olympic medal in Sydney in 2000 and it's impressive to see him still breaking new ground now, 15 years later with his Wiggins team."
Wiggins will continue to ride with Team Sky until April, before switching his focus to the track and his Olympic bid.

Media playback is not supported on this device
The pair's history of animosity with Barcelona and Real Madrid in Spain's La Liga meant their first Premier League meeting since assuming control on either side of Manchester provided a colourful backdrop to the build-up to this derby.
And when the action got under way on the field, it was City who put a marker down and put Manchester United in their place with a peerless first 40 minutes followed by resilience to maintain their 100% start to the season.
This was always going to be much more than the Manchester derby - this was as much about Mourinho against Guardiola on the Premier League stage, fighting for supremacy in Manchester.
And this was Spaniard Guardiola's day on every level as City claimed the win and his celebrated methods were on show for all to see at Old Trafford, the fiercest enemy territory.
Mourinho was a chastened figure post-match, reduced to blaming referee Mark Clattenburg for not awarding two second half penalties for what he felt was City keeper Claudio Bravo's foul on Wayne Rooney and Nicolas Otamendi's handball.
It was an act of straw-clutching, although the Portuguese fully accepted City's first-half superiority when he admitted he and his players got it wrong.
Media playback is not supported on this device
The bottom line is United were second best and this was something of a cold shower for the over-excitement of some who believed 'The Special One' could apply an instant fix to the faults of the past three seasons under David Moyes and Louis van Gaal.
Mourinho's decision to play Henrikh Mkhitaryan on the right in his first start since his £25m summer move from Borussia Dortmund was a dismal failure - and he admitted some of his players struggled to cope with "the dimension of the game".
The Armenia captain was removed at half-time in a reshuffle that also saw Jesse Lingard taken off, Marcus Rashford and Ander Herrera sent on, and the completely anonymous £89m midfield man Paul Pogba and Marouane Fellaini pushed forward, with Wayne Rooney shunted out to the right.
In other words - Mourinho's selection went wrong.
He said: "I had two or three players in the first half that, if I know what is going to happen, I don't play them. This is football, though, and sometimes players disappoint managers.
"It's my fault because I'm the manager and it's always my fault because it's my choice."
Guardiola was bold enough to play Kelechi Iheanacho as replacement for the suspended Sergio Aguero and the 19-year-old responded with his ninth goal from just 13 shots on target in the Premier League.
And his introduction of Fernando for the youngster after 53 minutes demonstrated a pragmatism that is often overlooked amid Guardiola's purist instincts. He was prepared to use a shield when required.
City were also prepared to work for their success, running a total of 119.63km in comparison to United's 111.34km. Guardiola demands the full package from his players.
It was not all perfect as his selection of the uncertain Claudio Bravo in goal ran a fine line with failure - but all's well that ends well.
The embraces with long-time foe Mourinho at the start and finish were cordial enough - and if Guardiola did get around to having that glass of wine in the Old Trafford manager's office when his media duties were completed it would have tasted sweet.
Manchester City made their intentions clear when they lured the most coveted man in management to Etihad Stadium - and Guardiola's team have wasted no time in making big statements of their own.
The Catalan has opened up with four straight Premier League wins, this victory at Old Trafford marking them out as the team to beat in the title race this season.
It is, of course, early days but City's ability to win with key players either suspended, injured or working their way to full fitness means a significant marker was put down in this derby win.
It was a win achieved without the banned Aguero and without influential captain Vincent Kompany who is nearing a return, as is summer signing Ilkay Gundogan, who was also absent.
Leroy Sane, the £37m summer signing from Schalke, made a lively appearance as a substitute here and will be a formidable force when fully fit.
John Stones was outstanding when United's second-half siege came, demonstrating why Guardiola was satisfied to spend £47.5m on the young England defender to bring him from Everton.
Kevin de Bruyne was also a key figure, scoring one goal and being involved in the other. He has been directly involved in 32 goals in 46 appearances for Manchester City, scoring 17 and assisting in 15.
And when Guardiola studies the statistics, an 81.8% passing success rate will please even this perfectionist, who expressed his satisfaction with this two-dimensional City display - glorious, clinical football in the first half and solid resilience in the second.
City restricted United to their fourth lowest home possession share in the Premier League since the 2003-04 season, just 39.9%
Manchester City's squad looked short of inspiration and motivation in the understated presence of Manuel Pellegrini last season - this problem looks to have been cured already by Guardiola.
It has been an impressive start. Those with Premier League title aspirations now know what they have to beat.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Pep Guardiola has invested a lot of faith in Claudio Bravo after showing England goalkeeper Joe Hart the door and paying £17m to bring the 33-year-old Chile international from Barcelona.
It was, therefore, no surprise to hear Guardiola mounting a passionate defence of his man despite a performance that left City and their supporters living on their nerves.
In Bravo's defence, he has barely had any training sessions with his new team-mates and a debut at Old Trafford is always a daunting introduction.
Guardiola's backing for his keeper, while understandable, was at odds with a display that occasionally threatened to spread panic in City's ranks.
He was hesitant and occasionally too slow to clear with the ball at his feet and once he came from his line to claim a first-half free-kick, Bravo had to catch it. He did not, allowing Zlatan Ibrahimovic to score and give United hope.
Guardiola praised Bravo's willingness to take responsibility and is happy for his keeper to take a high-risk approach in exchange for the rewards he believes it brings.
It is too early to say whether Bravo will be an upgrade on the banished Hart but those who believe England's first-choice keeper has been sent into exile too soon will not have had their worries eased by this performance.
They will have to trust Guardiola's judgement - and he has not got anything wrong so far.
While Mourinho bemoaned those players who struggled to cope with the unique demands of the Manchester derby, he had no such complaints about Marcus Rashford.
Mourinho said the 18-year-old looked like he was "playing against Salford City under-18s" in a second half performance that combined pace and a fearless approach - and almost an equaliser only for an offside Zlatan Ibrahimovic to get a touch on his goal-bound shot.
The question will continue and the clamour will grow for Rashford to start in an area of Mourinho's squad that is starting to look over-crowded.
Rashford was the player who put City on the back foot with his speed. It will be one of Mourinho's most urgent tasks to integrate this brilliant young talent into his team.
It then begs further questions, with Ibrahimovic seemingly untouchable as the main man, about where Rooney fits in and how Mourinho can shuffle his resources to maximise the potential of Rashford, Antony Martial, Mkhitaryan and Juan Mata.
Ibrahimovic had all of United's three shots on target as well as four of their six off target, so it is likely to a case of who plays with the 34-year-old Swede.
Rashford, on this showing, cannot be denied his starting place for much longer.

Such a public  display of state brutality is unprecedented, but the ultra-secretive nature of the state means that observers can never really claim to know exactly what happened and when.
This is how the news came out.
When Kim Jong-il died in 2011 it was Chang Song-thaek, the man who married his sister, who stood right behind the young new leader Kim Jong-un flanking the hearse as it processed through Pyongyang.
He is thought to have mentored his nephew during that crucial transition. Analysts believed he was a powerful force, advising his nephew as he took the helm.
The extraordinary news coming from North Korea was promptly leaked to the media by an opposition lawmaker. South Korean spies told a parliamentary committee that he had been removed from key posts and that two of his close confidantes had been publicly executed in mid-November.
Within hours South Korean intelligence told media that they had indeed heard that Chang Song-Thaek had been removed as vice-chairman of the North's top military body, the National Defence Commission  and as a department head of the ruling Workers' Party.
Still without official confirmation from the north, it became clear that he had at least fallen out of favour when state TV edited him out of a documentary that had reportedly been broadcast nine times already.
When The Great Comrade aired the weekend after news filtered out of Chang's dismissal, it was without pictures of the leader's uncle.  He had been comprehensively cut out the film.
Finally, on 9 December, North Korea provided confirmation in an unprecedented manner by releasing images of Chang Song-thaek being removed from a public meeting.  Pictures released by the KCNA state news agency show uniformed guards approaching Chang Song-thaek.
The guards then appear to remove Mr Chang from his seat in full view of his former colleagues - some stare impassively at the proceedings  while others keep their eyes downturned.
The series of images played out on KCNA that day focused heavily on Kim Jong-un.
Some analysts believe this was his way of augmenting power and asserting his independence. Others say it was his way of instilling fear into an older generation of leaders who may have felt they were better qualified to influence North Korea's future direction.
But breaking new ground again, KCNA state news agency published a violent and personal attack on Mr Chang, accusing him of forming factions against the state and of abuse of power, drug-taking and womanising.
Days later, on 13 December, state media announced that Mr Chang had been tried for factionalism with the aim of overthrowing the state. It said he confessed and  condemns him  as  "a traitor for all ages".
He was sentenced to death and then the release reads: "The decision was immediately executed".
Purge: Unprecedented N Korean media coverage
News of his execution on state television was accompanied by a denunciation of Chang as "despicable human scum Jang, who was worse than a dog" and accusing him of treachery and factionalism.
Pictures emerged of how the North Korean public received news of the execution. Some crowded around newspapers on public train platforms. While leaders have fallen out of favour in the past, what marks the latest events is the swift, brutal and public nature of Chang's fall from grace.
What happens next is far from clear but many analysts agree that this could signal a wider purge.

It will last four days, with the decision expected in the new year.
Theresa May has said she is "clear" she expects to start talks on leaving the EU as planned by the end of March.
Campaigners say MPs and peers have to scrutinise the government's plans beforehand, but ministers say they can decide without this happening.
The High Court ruled last Thursday that Parliament should have a say before the UK invokes Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty - which triggers up to two years of formal EU withdrawal talks.
Labour has said it will not attempt to delay or scupper this process if a vote goes ahead but pressure is mounting on the government from the devolved legislatures.
The Scottish government is pressing for the Holyrood Parliament to be given a binding vote on Article 50 and will seek to oppose the UK government as it makes the case for its own involvement in the decision.
The Welsh government has also said it intends to intervene in the appeal process to clarify the implications of the judgement for the future of devolution in Wales and the respective powers of the UK executive and the Welsh Assembly.
And Northern Ireland's top lawyer has said a separate legal challenge to Brexit should "leapfrog" the usual legal process and go directly to the Supreme Court.
The government said it was going to appeal almost as soon as the ruling came out and the Supreme Court has now granted permission - pushing through the process at a far faster pace than usual because of the importance of the case.
After Lord Toulson's retirement this summer, the appeal will be heard by all 11 remaining Supreme Court justices, led by their President Lord Neuberger.
At the completion of legal submissions, the justices will reserve their decision to a date "probably in the new year", a spokesman for the court said.
He added: "The Supreme Court will sit in its largest courtroom and make available a live video feed in the other two courtrooms in the building to enable as many members of the public as possible to observe proceedings.
"It should be added that, as with all Supreme Court proceedings, this appeal will be live streamed on our website, so it is not necessary for people to attend the building in person to watch the hearing."
On Monday, Mrs May said: "We believe the government has got strong legal arguments. We'll be putting those arguments to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court will make its judgement."
The lead claimant in the case against the government, investment fund manager Gina Miller, has said it is vital that the UK's negotiating position is voted upon by MPs. She added that for this not to happen would mean ministers were acting like a "tin-pot" dictatorship.
There is some debate about whether a vote at Westminster on invoking Article 50 would require a full Act of Parliament, or whether it could happen much more speedily by MPs and peers agreeing to a resolution - a written motion - instead.
But Brexit Secretary David Davis has suggested a full Act of Parliament is more likely should the government lose its case.
In June's UK-wide referendum, voters opted by 51.9% to 48.1% in favour of leaving the EU.

Jewish groups called Friday's event "disgusting", saying it was "insulting to the memories" of Holocaust victims.
Jobbik leader Gabor Vona insisted his party did not want to "provoke anyone, including the Jewish community".
The party, which purports to protect Hungarian values and interests, is the third largest in parliament.
It regularly issues anti-Semitic statements.
Around 100 protesters gathered with candles outside the police-guarded building, which is now being used as a cultural centre.
Some wore a yellow star pinned to their coats.
The demonstrators tried to form a human chain to prevent Jobbik supporters from entering the building, but were hindered by security forces.
"It is a perversion from Jobbik to organise a forum at a former synagogue," protest leader Agnes Drelyo said.
Inside the cultural centre, Mr Vona told supporters that he had "nothing to be ashamed of".
"As a legal party which won the votes of around one million people in 2010, we have as much right as anyone to hold an event here," he said.
Meanwhile, the mayor of Esztergom said she had asked Jobbik to choose another venue, but had no authority to block the party from holding a rally in the old synagogue.
Some 500 Jews were deported during World War Two from Esztergom, which lies 50km (31 miles) north of the capital, Budapest. Most died in concentration camps in 1944.
Jobbik became Hungary's third-largest party after it won 16% of the vote in the 2010 election.
Its deputy group leader, Marton Gyongyosi, caused outrage two years ago when he said officials of Jewish origin should be listed because they might be a "national security risk".

Ms Kirkpatrick, 74, denies two counts of indecent assault and one count of gross indecency with a person under 16.
According to a report by Australia's Herald Sun, the alleged incident took place in the 1980s and involved a 13-year-old girl.
The actress told the Herald Sun that she will fight to clear her name.
"I need to go to court to have this ridiculous situation quashed," she said.
"Allegations have been levelled at me, yes. Are they true? Absolutely not.
"The evidence is in the court. I don't think it's appropriate that I say any more."
Ms Kirkpatrick, who will appear before Melbourne Magistrates Court on 19 August, is best known for playing lesbian prison officer Joan "The Freak" Ferguson in Prisoner Cell Block H.
She appeared in a host of smaller Australian TV shows and in 1991 she played Marilyn's aunt Jean Chambers in Home and Away.

The Briton was due to fight Avtandil Khurtsidze on 8 July in London.
But following his arrest in New York, the Georgian's promoter Lou DiBella has confirmed he will be unable to travel.
Thirty-three members and associates of a Russian crime syndicate, including Khurtsidze, have been detained.
In a statement, acting Manhattan US Attorney Joon H Kim said: "The dizzying array of criminal schemes committed by this organised crime syndicate allegedly include a murder-for-hire conspiracy, a plot to rob victims by seducing and drugging them with chloroform, the theft of cargo shipments containing over 10,000 pounds of chocolate, and a fraud on casino slot machines using electronic hacking devices."
Khurtsidze earned the bout with Saunders after winning the interim belt by stopping Britain's Tommy Langford in April.
Saunders' most recent fight was a successful title defence against Artur Akavov in December.

The snow slide struck the skiers at around 15:00 local time (13:00 GMT) near the town of Briancon in the Ecrins National Park.
Eight others were also swept away but survived. One person was airlifted to a hospital in Grenoble for treatment.
The national park is popular with skiers and mountaineers, with peaks of over 3,000m (9,842ft).
Officials told the Associated Press that seven members of the group were currently staying in a refuge building near the site until emergency services could rescue them.

The Scotland captain returned from over two months on the sidelines with ankle ligament damage during April.
Laidlaw has been named on the bench for Gloucester in the Murrayfield showpiece against Stade Francais.
"I'm just delighted I'm back playing rugby, back fit, and that's the way I want to be and want to stay," he said.
"It's just about being sharp now when I get opportunities to play."
Should Laidlaw feature in the second-tier European final, it will be his fourth outing since recovering from the injury he sustained in Scotland's Six Nations defeat by France.
'It has been a season of ups and downs'
The scrum-half helped Gloucester lift the Challenge Cup in 2015, beating former side Edinburgh in the final.
And victory on Friday would earn the Cherry and Whites an opportunity to qualify for next season's top-tier Champions Cup competition, via a play-off.
"It's probably been touched on already with my injury that the coaches feel the team's been quite settled," Laidlaw continued.
"It's been tough for me to get some rugby under my belt with the nature of my injury, so I'll play my part.
"We know what it's like to win it and the good feeling that comes with it and, with that, it gives the club an opportunity to get into the Champions Cup as well.
"It's been a busy week, but if we can win on Friday, it'll make it a better week. We're all focused on winning the game."
Earlier this month, Laidlaw was added to the British and Irish Lions squad for the summer tour of New Zealand, replacing English counterpart Ben Youngs.
Gloucester currently sit ninth in the Aviva Premiership table and the Jedburgh native, who has 58 Scotland caps, admits it has been a season of highs and lows personally - and for his team.
"I suppose it has been a season of ups and downs - you get injured, you get back, I've been pulled into the Lions squad, which is a great upside, and I'm just delighted to get back fit," Laidlaw said.
"I thought I played pretty well last week [against Exeter Chiefs]; it was good to start and I'm feeling sharper and sharper day in, day out.
"We've had a bit of an up and down season in terms of the Premiership, but winning silverware is what it's all about.
"We'll need a big effort; we're playing a quality team. We need to put in a good performance on the field - if we do that, it's a wonderful track out there. "

The 23-year-old joined City in the summer having spent his entire career at Wolves, and impressed in the Grecians' win at Leyton Orient.
It was McAlinden's first league start since the end of August, as he deputised for the concussed Lee Holmes.
"He's earned it, he's done very well in training and I think he's settling," Tisdale told BBC Radio Devon.
"He's beginning to get some confidence, it always happens when you leave a club you've been at for years and years like he has with Wolves.
"Suddenly you're at a new place and your career's changing direction, he's got to find his feet and he's doing that."

The panel will supersede the role of chief scientific advisor that was controversially abolished last year by new EC President Jean-Claude Juncker.
The commission wants also to strengthen its relationship with the national academies across Europe.
Mr Juncker believes the reforms will be a better mechanism to ensure EU policies are evidence-based.
The former Luxembourg prime minister outlined the new system when he met a group of Nobel Laureates on Wednesday in Brussels.
These eminent scientists, who included UK Royal Society President Sir Paul Nurse, have been highly critical of the decision to drop the CSA role.
They interpreted the post's demise as a downgrading of the value of scientific advice within the commission.
After the meeting, Sir Paul said the delegation was encouraged by the development but that its success would depend on the detail and the execution.
The outgoing CSA, Scottish biologist Anne Glover, often complained about a lack of resourcing and staff.
The laureates believe the secretariat supporting the incoming expert panel must be given sufficient funding.
Implementation of the new mechanism will be the job of Carlos Moedas, the European commissioner for research, science and innovation.
He has spent the past few months investigating the routes to scientific advice for the EC.
Mr Moedas has taken the view that the EU's executive arm already has some excellent internal guidance - for example from the EC's in-house science service, the Joint Research Centre.
He has, however, always recognised the need for an additional layer of assistance - one that is truly independent of the Brussels machine, and transparent.
Mr Moedas will now set about recruiting the new expert group and better linking the EC to the expertise found in Europe's academies and learned societies.
The commissioner has given himself an autumn deadline.
The panel will have seven individuals on it, and they will come from a range of disciplines, including the social sciences.
"One of the things about science advice is that it has to be totally independent, so our view is that the members of this panel should not be employees of the commission," Mr Moedas told reporters.
"They will keep their positions as independent scientists. There will be total transparency in this system, so you will have information about all the work in this panel… and, of course, as independent scientists they can talk to the press."
He added that staff and several million euros per year would be found to support the panel and to facilitate contacts and exchange of information with the external academies.
Wednesday's meeting with Mr Juncker was also an opportunity for the visiting group of internationally awarded scientists (Jules Hoffmann, Serge Haroche, László Lovász, Jean Tirole and Edvard Ingjald Moser, and Sir Paul) to discuss the European Fund for Strategic Investment (EFSI).
This is a stimulus package designed to invigorate the flagging EU economy.
Various areas of the EU budget are making a contribution, but it is the money being taken from science pot (Horizon 2020) that has so exercised the research leaders.
They think it sends the wrong signal about the importance Europe places on R&D.
Mr Juncker tried to reassure them that the slice being taken from Horizon 2020 would actually pay dividends in the long run. And he told them that he was working to make sure that any potential short-term impact on fundamental research was minimised as much as possible.
Sir Paul said his fellow scientists had no objection to the EFSI; indeed, they thought it a very good idea.  However, using Horizon 2020 money was not the way to fund it.
"Science, and the generation of knowledge, is at the basis of all sustainable economic growth and the public good, and to cut it at all is a bad thing," he argued.
"And we are seeing movement to try and reduce those cuts. We, of course, would like to see those cuts kept to a minimum, and we will continue to work in that direction. But it was a meeting of minds, and I'm optimistic that we will at least make some good progress in achieving [the right] outcome on science funding."
Dermot Kelleher, president of the Federation of European Academies of Medicine, said he "very much welcomed" the proposal to involve Europe's many eminent academies more directly in scientific advice.
He said that the two proposals, of a formal scheme for advice from the academies as well as an appointed expert panel, would hopefully prove complementary.
"It's possible that the internal panel might at times disagree with the advice given by the academies, but I think it's more likely that we would be able to reach a consensus," Prof Kelleher told the BBC.
He also noted that the new system, if it is well structured and resourced, could prove useful for avoiding controversies like the Horizon 2020 funding dispute, which scientists saw as a "raid" on their research budget.
"We think this is a really good opportunity to begin to try and shape things in a proactive way, rather than coming in retrospectively and trying to fix problems that we believe have arisen," said Prof Kelleher, from Imperial College London and a fellow of the UK's Academy of Medical Sciences.
"So if you take the issues around Horizon 2020 - the involvement of academies in science advice might allow those decisions to be made in a more consensual way. I think that's positive."
The EFSI aims to generate at least 315bn euros - from both public and private funds - for investment across the European Union.
The proposal is that Horizon 2020 will contribute 2.7bn, or 3.5% of its total budget, with key programmes such as the European Research Council and the Marie Curie Actions (fellowships) redeploying less than 2% of their monies.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos

Ms Steenkamp, 29, had been about to appear in a celebrity TV reality show called Tropika Island of Treasure.
In publicity for the programme, she had said her personal claims to fame were that she was named by men's magazine FHM as one of the "100 sexiest women in the world two years running", appearing on the December 2011 cover of the magazine and graduating in law from the Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University in Port Elizabeth, where she had grown up.
She had moved to Johannesburg in 2007 after she was chosen to become the first face of Avon cosmetics in South Africa, her profile on the show's website says.
She went on to appear in many campaigns and commercials and had presented some TV shows.
"She was definitely destined for success," her publicist Sarit Tomlinson, from Capacity Relations, told the BBC.
"She was a gorgeous girl both inside and out, and also had a brain... she had an incredible entrepreneurial spirit."
Her family were "shocked and devastated", Ms Tomlinson said.
"She was an absolute angel - the sweetest, sweetest human being, kind human being, it's very, very sad."
Oscar Pistorius profile
Ms Steenkamp was first spotted with Oscar Pistorius at the South African Sports Awards in November 2012, when the model said they were just friends, South Africa's Mail and Guardian reports.
The couple had been dating for a couple of months, Ms Tomlinson told Sky News.
"It's been a healthy fabulous relationship," she said.
The model was an active Twitter user, where she described herself as "SA Model, Cover Girl, Tropika Island of Treasure Celeb Contestant, Law Graduate, Child of God".
The day before the shooting, she had said how much she was looking forward to Valentine's Day.
"What do you have up your sleeve for your love tomorrow??? #getexcited #ValentinesDay," she tweeted.
Earlier that day she had said she was enjoying a smoothie with her boyfriend: "It's a beautiful day! Make things happen. Starting my day off with a yummy healthy shake from my boo :) #healthyliving."
The reality TV show she took part in was filmed on a tropical island and pits seven celebrities and seven other players against one another to win 1m rand ($113,000, Â£72,600).
During each episode they play a game, the winner of which is able to kick off one of the other contestants.
"We are deeply saddened and extend our condolences to Reeva's family and friends," a statement on the show's website says.
For the show, she was asked to describe herself in three words. "Brainy, blonde, bombshell," she said.
She also had a passion for cars and cooking and at the weekends preferred to read a book and spend time with her friends and family, her Tropika Island of Treasure profile said.

Leading by 32 points after a one-sided first leg, Irish extended the lead when David Paice bundled over from close in.
But Jack Ram replied and the teams exchanged further tries as the Exiles took a 17-15 half-time advantage.
Tries by Ben Franks, Dave Porecki and Scott Steele ensured Irish progressed to the final with Yorkshire Carnegie.
Carnegie, who beat Ealing Trailfinders in their two-legged Championship play-off decider, are at home in the first leg on on Wednesday, 17 May, with the return fixture on Wednesday, 24 May.
The prospect of Irish winning through was never in doubt but Knights were much improved and threatened to inflict a rare defeat on a side who had lost just once in the regular season.
Doncaster's spirited first-half efforts efforts continued after the interval and, after forwards tries from Franks and Porecki, the visitors were rewarded with a close-range score for replacement Joe Sproston.
But Irish had too much quality and Steele's late score gave a convincing look to the scoreline.
London Irish: Bell; Lewington, Tikoirotuma, Mulchrone, Cokanasiga; Marshall, McKibbin; Hobbs-Awoyemi, Paice, Franks, De Chaves, Sinclair, Coman, Cowan, Treviranus.
Replacements: Porecki, Court, Hoskins, Robson, Gilsenan, Steele, Tonks.
Doncaster: Jarvis; Flockhart, Bulumakau, Hayes, Lewis; Humberstone, Heaney; List, Hunter, W. John, Challinor, Williams, Ram, Hills, Shaw.
Replacements: Bergmanas, Nelson, Sproston, Nolan, Carpenter, Edgerley, Cusack.

One of the eight places, revealed at a Doncaster Council meeting, could act as a rail park-and-ride site with 1,700 parking spaces.
Opponents living in the rural locations in Doncaster, Rotherham and Wakefield said it would "not benefit Yorkshire".
HS2 said the early proposal would provide "additional access onto the railway for a wider area".
More updates on this story and others in South Yorkshire
Proposed sites
The proposed South Yorkshire HS2 route, part of phase 2b of the project, runs east of Sheffield towards the M18, with a separate spur to take passengers to Sheffield city centre.
Paul Griffiths, phase 2 development director at HS2, said: "We've focussed our attention [at the eight sites] because there are already roads and access, but we are at a very early stage of the development.
"There would be public consultations and the secretary of state would take a view as to whether we can manage this in a way which doesn't have too much impact and whether this does make sense as a proposal."
A study looking into the possibility of a "parkway" station is due to be completed later in 2017.
Christine Jackson, chair of Hickleton Parish Council, said: "I presume you would have greenbelt for a car park, people would struggle to get to it due to a busy A road.
"You would lose its sense of being a conservation area, so I can't see anything positive about it."
Grant Morement, who lives in Hooton Roberts, said: "It doesn't help the capacity, it doesn't benefit Yorkshire, it has no economic benefit, there's just no point whatsoever having it up here."
What will the second phase of HS2 involve?
In November, the government confirmed the route for the second phase - from Crewe to Manchester and the West Midlands to Leeds.
A new HS2 station will be built next to Manchester Piccadilly, with a spur to take HS2 to another new station at Manchester Airport.
The decision on how to run the line to Sheffield has been delayed. The government's preferred option is for the main HS2 route to run east of Sheffield but for a spur to take passengers to Sheffield city centre.
What do we know about HS2?

Katheen Gormley spent ten years as principal of St Cecilia's College, a Catholic girls' secondary school in Londonderry, and is now principal of Hazelwood Integrated College in Belfast.
On Tuesday, the Alliance Party published what it said should be the Northern Ireland Executive's strategy for creating a shared future.
Their proposals include the target of educating 20% of children in integrated schools in 2020.
"I come from the idea that schools - regardless of what they're set up as - should be excellent schools," explained Ms. Gormley
"I had the privilege of being headteacher of an excellent school, a Catholic school in Derry, for ten years, and I now have a new challenge in a new sector, but the children in schools, they're basically the same.
"The difference with Hazelwood is that there children are from different cultures and different religions but they're all taught under one roof, and that does make things like community relations easier.
"Students do integrate and they do integrate from all sectors, but I suppose they do it more naturally in the integrated sector.
"I know Catholic schools and controlled schools spend a lot of time on community relations programmes, and in an integrated school that happens naturally day and daily.
"I have to say that after involvement in education for 25 years I suppose all my life has led me to this day, because I do feel that a way forward is for children to be educated together.
'Natural'
"I do think that the more and more politics becomes a sectarian thing, the less people are going to send their children to integrated schools, but it is surprising the movement is still popular.
"I was contacted by two principals in the last month to ask how they would move their schools to becoming integrated, so whilst we may see the setting up of more integrated schools, we may see more schools transfer to integrated status simply because the management style is different in an integrated school.
"How many children - and I was one of them - go to a Catholic school and then to a Catholic post-primary school and then go to university or to a job and find that it's mixed.
"I suppose integration is a natural thing but I don't know if we can impose that or whether we can culturally grow towards that.
"I think we should say that an integrated school is a good way of schooling and encourage people towards that rather than imposing a sort of de facto solution.
"As I look out now, I see children walking together across the playground and their skins are different colours and I know they have three, four, five different languages, and I know they are from different religions.
"I suppose the value of integrated education is that when parents come here they come together to talk about their children and you have integration not simply from 11 to 18, you have the parents and the community behind that.
"When you see that in action, its very hard to argue against."

Copthall House, at the railway station entrance at junction six of the ring road, is being cleared so new Coventry City Council offices can be built.
Lanes on the ring road and Manor Road and  will be closed until Monday. Work on the site is expected to continue into 2015.
A large section of the five-storey block is due to be removed on Sunday.
Work is scheduled for between 05:00 and 09:30 BST. The council said it had planned for the most disruptive work around the station to take place at off-peak times.
Ian Stringer, from site property agents GVA , said the buildings being demolished were "not particularly good brutalist examples".
Councillors will continue to be based at the Grade II-listed council house but will move some departments and administration to Friargate as part of plans to move from 27 council buildings to nine.
Public council services will move to a new "one-stop centre" in Broadgate.
Kevin Maton, cabinet member for business, enterprise and employment said: "The start of demolition on site is an exciting point in the Friargate project. We are witnessing a period of massive change in Coventry."
He said the development had potential to create up to 15,000 jobs.
Twenty-seven new buildings are planned for the site, including offices, hotels, houses and shops, and a new bridge will link the city centre and railway station.
Property agent Mr Stringer said: "Nothing of this style, scale and quality has happened in Coventry for three or four decades. Businesses will want to be there."

In an interview with the New York Post, the comedian praised his wife Camille for her "strength" in standing by him.
Cosby, who has been accused of assault by more than a dozen women, said he'd been advised not to discuss the claims.
The 77-year-old actor declined to address the allegations but asked reporters to remain impartial.
"I only expect the black media to uphold the standards of excellence in journalism and when you do that you have to go in with a neutral mind," Cosby said.
New York Post reporter Stacy Brown said the actor sounded "upbeat" on the phone from his home in Massachusetts.
He said "love and the strength of womanhood," had helped him weather the controversy.
"Let me say it again, love and the strength of womanhood. And you could reverse it, the strength of womanhood and love."
But the actor later cut his conversation short, saying: "They don't want me talking to the media."
Police in Los Angeles have recently opened an investigation into claims made by Judy Huth that Cosby molested her when she was 15 years old.
In her legal action, Ms Huth claimed the actor gave her alcohol and forced her to perform a sex act on him in a bedroom of the Playboy Mansion around 1974.
Cosby is counter-suing the 55-year-old, saying she attempted to extort money from him, and has described her claims as "absolutely false".
His lawyers, who have continued to deny the allegations, recently issued a strongly worded statement condemning the "media frenzy".
The actor has never been charged with a crime but the accusations have led to his stand-up tour being called off and the cancellation of a number of TV projects.

"The overt sexualisation of women on TV is an issue for me. I find that really hateful," she told Radio Times.
The actress added: "If you do show that on screen, then at least give a nod to it being really inappropriate and cruel; that it is not humane."
Norris, 49, is to appear in the Cold Feet reunion series later this year.
The actress described herself as a "feminist", saying there was still progress to be made in the depiction of women on TV, but that it was not an issue you could protect children from.
"Although we've moved forward in some areas, I think we've regressed in a lot of others," she said.
Speaking about her son and daughter, she added: "I think you can help educate them to deal with it, so I just keep talking to both my children."
She also revealed she did not initially think the Cold Feet reunion was a good idea, and when she was asked if she liked the prospect of going back to the show, she said; "I didn't, to be honest.
"It was really good, of its time, and I didn't want to undo anything positive that we had created back then.
"But I was persuaded it would be interesting to see how they have been dealing with things."
ITV's hugely successful show, which was originally broadcast from 1997 - 2003, followed the ups and downs of three 30-something couples, and made household names of the cast.
It was not initially well received by critics but became a firm favourite with viewers, with more than 10 million people tuning into the final episode in the UK.

The referendum is being watched closely by many leading players in the pharmaceutical industry who argue that a Brexit vote would be damaging for research and patient access.
But some campaigners have argued that drugs could be made available more quickly if the UK votes to leave.
Each EU member state has its own medical regulatory body, in the UK's case the Medicines & Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA).
Companies wanting to sell new drugs or devices in this country have to get them licensed by the MHRA. But an alternative route for major pharmaceutical companies is to get approval from the European Medicines Agency (EMA), which is a decentralised agency of the EU.
Through this centralised procedure, companies can get the go-ahead for medicines to be marketed across all member states. Typically, manufacturers of drugs to treat cancer and rare diseases use this central approval route.
The EMA is run by regulators from member states who staff its committees so there is input from across the EU for each approval. That means there does not need to be a separate national process and, once granted by the EMA, the centralised authorisation is valid both in member states and countries in the European Economic Area (EU plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway). The EMA is based in London.
So what happens if there is a vote for the UK to leave? It seems certain that the EMA would move its headquarters out of London to an EU country. Some in the pharma world argue that this will in itself reduce the importance of this country in the eyes of the global drug companies.
If the UK decides to negotiate to stay in the EEA there would not, in practice, be much difference to regulation. But if the UK stays out of the EEA, drug companies would need to go through a separate process with British regulators for new products as the centralised European route would not be applicable to the UK.
Most leading players in the world of big pharma have come out in favour of Britain remaining in the EU, arguing that being outside the EMA process will deter manufacturers from selling some new drugs in this country.  The other side of the argument is that Switzerland is not a member of the EEA and has a well-established pharma industry with big names such as Hoffman-La Roche and Novartis.
Drug trials are currently carried out on a national level, with companies needing to approach each regulator and ethics committee separately.  There is a move to harmonise this procedure across the EU over the next few years, allowing a single entry point for companies that wish to carry out trials of a new drug on patients in different countries.
The Leave campaign argues that the existing EU Clinical Trials Directive has damaged medical research and innovation in the UK. The Commons Science and Technology Committee said in a recent report: "Weaknesses in the 2001 Clinical Trials Directive significantly increased the administrative burden and cost of running academic clinical trials and saw a reduction in trials taking place in Europe." But it went on to add that the new regulations due to take effect in 2018 appeared to be an improvement.
The pharma industry argues that the UK is involved in about 40% of all adult rare diseases trials in the EU at present, but this would be undermined by a change of status.  Being outside the EU, the industry claims, would mean the UK was not part of the harmonised procedure and so might lose out on some trials that might otherwise benefit patients.
Officials at the National Eczema Society have said they have been informed by two US companies that trials of new treatments would not take place in the UK in the event of Brexit.
But the EMA has been criticised for a bureaucratic and slow-moving process, which has not helped patients desperate for life-preserving drugs.  Recent media reports suggested that European approval of a breast cancer drug, palbociclib, which helps the slow the development of tumours, had been held up at a time when US regulators had fast-tracked its adoption.
The industry points out, however, that the approval documentation was submitted to EU regulators 10 months after the American Federal Drugs Administration.
Few would disagree that the result of the referendum vote is important for drug companies and their products. Whatever the outcome, though, it could take years rather than months for the implications to become clear.
Read more: The facts behind claims in the EU debate

The Republic of Ireland international, 27, suffered medial ligament damage in training on Thursday.
Meyler has played 28 times for the Tigers in all competitions this season but has been an unused substitute in their last four outings.
Marco Silva's side sit two points above the Premier League relegation zone before Saturday's trip to Stoke City.

Alexander Thomson, 33, from Clapham in south London, leaned forward and hit Tom Hulme, 23, after he threw the shoe.
Initially, he got out the car and appeared fine, but then he collapsed on the pavement. He died in hospital the next day from a brain haemorrhage.
The judge said the incident arose "out of trivial, friendly horseplay".
Mr Hulme's family said their lives had been "submerged in sadness and sorrow" since the tragic incident, which occurred in Farringdon Street, central London, during the last August bank holiday weekend.
Prosecutor Timothy Cray said Thomson, who has three previous convictions for alcohol-related violence, admitted drinking four pints at lunchtime on the day of the assault, before going back to work and later having up to five bottles of beer, four vodkas, three shots of Jagermeister and two small snorts of cocaine.
He met up with a friend who knew Mr Hulme and they were heading for a party in a taxi when the incident happened.
Mr Cray said the "unexpected blow" caused a sub-arachnoid haemorrhage, which is a type of stroke caused by bleeding on the surface of the brain.
Defending, Lisa Wilding QC said: "He is properly described as traumatised and tormented by the irreparable damage caused to Mr Hulme's family. None of that seeks to excuse his actions."
The Old Bailey heard Thomson admitted manslaughter at the first opportunity.
Judge Anthony Bate said: "A talented and intelligent young man had a promising life snatched away from him in early adulthood after you lashed out at him in a moment of drunken hot temper.
"You must live with that responsibility."
The victim, who was originally from Leeds, had worked as a recruitment consultant.

The girls, aged between 16 and 18, told the BBC that men often made sexual remarks when they travelled to school in a neighbouring village.
The teenagers said local officials in Rewari district had failed to protect them.
Police have now promised to provide better security for the girls.
The government has also promised to upgrade the existing school in their village to higher-secondary level so they no longer have to commute to school.
Views of sexual harassment in India
On patrol with India's anti-harassment squad
But the students, who have been drinking water but refusing food, said that they would not end their strike until they saw written orders.
Some parents and students who are not on hunger strike have also joined the protest.
"Almost every day, we face eve teasing [a local term for sexual harassment]," Sheetal, one of the 13 students, told BBC Hindi's Nitin Srivastava.
"Should we stop studying? Should we stop dreaming? Are only rich people and their children allowed to dream? The government should protect us or open a higher-secondary school in our village."
Another student, Sujata, said men "often try to touch us inappropriately".
"They write our phone numbers on walls, make nasty comments. Actually much worse happens, but not everything can be described," she said.
It's been a harrowing week for these girls as they demand better schooling options and safety. Their parents have also been protesting, putting aside their farm work and daily jobs.
Haryana is one of the most backwards states in India in terms of gender ratio, and crimes against women are not uncommon.
But this is probably the first time that young girls have decided to protest. They have found strong support from their community, including men who admit that women need to be treated equally.
The mother of a protesting student said it was "painful to see these girls suffer".
"These young girls face the kind of harassment that I can't even describe. When we complain to the police, they put pressure on us to take such cases back," she said.
Rohtash Kumar, the father of a protesting girl, said the problem of harassment had existed for years.
"It's the first time that girls have taken the matter in their own hands. The men in our village support their struggle," he said.
He wants to see concrete assurances that changes promised by police and local officials will be implemented.
"Such promises have not been fulfilled in the past. We want to be sure that our struggle doesn't go waste because of a false promise," Mr Kumar added.

The 26-year-old Senegalese, who joined QPR from Arsenal in 2011, was released from Loftus Road in June, having not made a QPR appearance since April 2015.
Traore, who played 93 games for the Rs, helped them win the Championship play-off final against Derby in 2014.
After moving to Arsenal from Monaco in 2005, Traore played 35 games and was also loaned to Portsmouth and Juventus.
France-born Traore's three-year contract at the City Ground will run from 1 August.
His signing comes on the same day that the Championship side announced the retirement of midfielder Andy Reid, at the age of 34.
Traore becomes the sixth summer addition made by new Forest boss Philippe Montanier, four of which have been defenders.
He follows Finland's Thomas Lam from Dutch Eredivisie side PEC Zwolle, Poland's Damien Perquis and Hildeberto Pereira, on loan from Benfica, goalkeeper Stephen Henderson and former Everton striker Apostolos Vellios from Greek club Iraklis Thessaloniki.
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.

Jane Warburton, 69, and her 38-year-old son Dean, from Bucknell in Shropshire, died in the accident on the A49 near Bayston Hill, in Shrewsbury, on the morning of 1 July.
They died at the scene despite the efforts of passers-by and paramedics. The lorry driver was uninjured.
West Mercia Police said it is appealing for witnesses.

The world number 11 came back from 9-1 down against Hong Kong's Fu, only to lose 13-11.
"I shouldn't use that match against Ronnie as an excuse but it just seems to have happened every time I've won a big match here," Hawkins said.
"In the next session I have come out and been terrible."
Hawkins had to face Fu less than 15 hours after his epic victory over pre-tournament favourite O'Sullivan, which he completed late on Monday.
"It must have some sort of effect on me because you're buzzing all night and can't sleep," Hawkins, 37, added.
"I felt really good at the end. I thought if I could just get going I wouldn't lose a decider.
"It was a battle to get back into that match but that first session cost me and it was too much of a mountain to climb after that."
But Hawkins, who had reached at least the last four at the Crucible in his previous three visits, felt upbeat about next season after a much-improved 2016.
The London-born left hander was a beaten finalist in the Masters at the start of the year and also made the semi-finals of the Players Championship.
"I have to draw the positives because I almost pulled off an amazing comeback," the 2013 World Championship runner-up said. "And since Christmas I've been good - I was a bit ropey before Christmas and my form wasn't good.
"I've had some good tournaments in 2016 and a great result here beating Ronnie - it is something I will look back on in years to come.
"Not many people have done that here over the years and it was all positive after Christmas so I've got to take that into next season now."

A number of neighbourhood teams have relocated into nearby local community bases with "lower running costs".
The new sites, which are based in the "heart of the community", are "better value for money", the force said.
The buildings up for sale include Market Street and Pilgrim Street in Newcastle, which were replaced by a new £38m complex in Forth Bank in 2014.
Other sites include an office in Bentinck Road which has been empty for several years and one in Bellingham, the force said.
A Northumbria Police spokesman said: "Many of the older police buildings have been expensive to run and it's important the force gets value for the money and all savings are reinvested back in to policing."

The ERS said the first-past-the-post system to elect MPs takes no account of how big their majorities are or how many voted for losing candidates.
The society said this meant they were "wasted" votes and the system was "fundamentally broken".
The UK government said it had no plans to change the voting system.
The Electoral Reform Society (ERS) estimated 1,063,610 votes out of the total of 1,575,814 cast in Wales at the 2017 general election on 8 June were "wasted".
Campaigners said the votes were made up of 746,269 votes for losing candidates and 317,341 votes in excess of the number needed to elect the winning candidates.
It noted that Labour won 70% of seats with under half the vote, while the Tories gained vote share but lost seats.
With big Labour majorities at Aberavon, Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney, Cynon Valley and Cardiff Central, campaigners claimed more than 80% of votes in those seats had no impact.
The society also claimed nearly a quarter of Welsh voters had been forced to vote tactically on the grounds their preferred party or candidate had no chance of winning the local seat.
ERS Cymru director Jess Blair called for a new electoral system which more closely reflected the proportion of votes cast for each party.
"This report reveals a picture of a voting system which is fundamentally broken," she said.
"There are a wide range of systems where votes are not thrown on the electoral scrapheap.
"We need to move towards a means of electing our MPs where people's voices are properly heard and where people don't feel forced to hold their nose at the ballot box."
A spokeswoman for the Cabinet Office, who set electoral rules, said: "First Past The Post is a voting system that offers a robust method of electing MPs.
"A referendum on changing the voting system for General Elections was held in 2011 and the public voted overwhelmingly in favour of keeping the First Past the Post system."

Emine Erdogan was speaking at an official event on Ottoman sultans in Ankara, say Turkish TV stations.
Her comments came a day after President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said a woman was "above all a mother" in a speech to mark International Women's Day.
Family members, servants and concubines all lived in the imperial harem.
The sultans who ruled the Ottoman empire had a harem at Istanbul's Topkapi Palace, which has been a museum since 1924.
The sultan spent his domestic life in the harem, where his wives lived, as well as female family members and concubines, who numbered into the hundreds.
Male staff were eunuchs.
Read more: Ottoman Empire 1302-1922
Mrs Erdogan said the harem was a school for members of the Ottoman dynasty.
Traces left by harem women in the empire's six centuries of history could be "an inspiration", she said, according to Turkish media.
Concubines kept in the harem did receive some training and were well fed, and they were not all used for sex. However they were not free to leave the palace if they wanted to.
Some Turks were quick to criticise the first lady's comments on social media.
"Receiving education in harem doesn't make it a school. This is nonsense," tweeted @GaziCaglar, saying there would have been about 400 concubines in the sultan's harem.
"If the Ottoman harem was a scholarly institution then why were the men who worked there castrated?" asked @anlam75.
"Those who mention harem do not send their daughters to anything less than American universities," tweeted @kizmonot, a reference to the fact that both the Erdogans' daughters studied at Indiana University:
But some - including pro-government journalist Ceren Kenar - pointed out that Mrs Erdogan is correct to say that women were educated in the harem:
Mr Erdogan sparked anger in 2014 when he said "women and men are not equal".
His comments on Tuesday about the role of women led to street protests in Istanbul.

The players visited the memorial garden to pay their respects before rejoining their clubs.
The village was devastated in 1966 when a colliery waste tip collapsed, with slurry engulfing Pantglas Junior School on the last day before half term.
Manager Chris Coleman described the visit as "humbling".
"In a small way we wanted to show our respect and reflect on the tragedy of 50 years ago," he said.
"It puts everything into perspective."

The Finn lost control warming up his tyres as the field prepared for a restart and dropped from fifth to 12th.
Bottas recovered to finish sixth as team-mate Lewis Hamilton won the race.
"I was trying to generate as much tyre temperature as I could but made a mistake and spun and lost many places," said the 27-year-old.
"Through a stupid mistake of mine, we lost too many points."
Bottas, who was promoted to Mercedes this year from Williams after world champion Nico Rosberg retired, is in his first season in a top team.
He was signed by Mercedes on a one-year contract and is under huge pressure to perform because the contracts of multiple world champions Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso are up for renewal at the end of this season with Ferrari and McLaren respectively.
Bottas said he was "really happy" it was only a week and not the usual two until the next race, in Bahrain.
Team boss Toto Wolff, who was involved in Bottas' management team for many years before removing himself after signing him to avoid a conflict of interest, said: "Valtteri threw it away behind the safety car. It was very slippery.
"It is race two, there are are 18 to go. He needs to put it behind him and forget about it. He has the character to recover from such a situation."

White Park cattle have been at Dinefwr, near Llandeilo, since 920 and were referenced in laws of Hywel Dda.
But there are now only 1,500 breeding heifers left in the world and the Carmarthenshire herd needs a new bull.
Quattro the bull has arrived on Wednesday, following a National Trust fundraising campaign.
White Park cattle are characterised by their pure white coats and black noses and ears.
The breed helps to manage the estate at Dinefwr, providing a natural and effective method of keeping wildflower hay meadows at bay.
Quattro will be responsible for serving a herd of almost 30 females and their offspring.
Rhodri Thomas, who will take the reigns as head stockman, said: "The arrival of a new bull has been highly anticipated.
"To sustain the Dinefwr line, we were searching for a pedigree White Park bull and we are pleased to say we have found that in Quattro.
"It will take him up to four months to serve the whole herd and we'll find out how successful he's been next spring."
The young bull is from a herd of White Park cattle bred in Devon but his family history lies in Dinefwr.
National Trust launched a campaign to save the breed's bloodline last year and is now halfway to reaching its Â£36,000 target.
The Prince of Wales, who has been president of the charity since 2003, made a donation to the Save the Herd at Dinefwr campaign during a visit in February.
A Clarence House spokesman said Prince Charles was "really pleased" to learn Dinefwr had "finally got a new bull to help continue the herd's development and breeding success".

If such a rich lunch gets stuck in your gnashers, you'll be pleased to know there are plenty of Methodists on hand to remove your teeth.
And if by this point you've had enough of the bus, fly home in style on a wide-boiled aircraft. But whatever you do, please remember that when you land at the airport, eating the carpet is strictly prohibited.
No, I haven't gone mad. These are all real-world examples of howlers by auto-translation software.
Joking aside, poor translations can have big implications for firms who run the risk of offending customers and losing business, or at least looking very amateurish.
Yet we keep being promised that machine learning and natural language processing will soon make flawless, near-instantaneous translation a reality.
So how long will businesses have to wait?
In January, Skype rolled out its real-time translation software, which allows voice-to-voice translation in seven languages.
But even this hi-tech development was not without its teething problems, randomly turning Mandarin words into obscenities on one occasion.
The glitch was spotted by photographer Tom Carter who was in China shooting a Skype commercial and had been using it to speak to people in Mandarin.
When he said: "It's nice to talk to you" to a local scout in Yangshuo, Skype translated it into a very offensive stream of swear words.
The issue was blamed on how the Great Firewall - China's way of censoring the web - had interrupted the Skype conversation.
Translation programs, such as Google Translate, have traditionally been built around phrase-based statistical machine translation.
This works by analysing a back catalogue of texts that have already been translated - such as academic papers and glossaries. It analyses them in parallel in both their original and target languages, then uses statistical probabilities to select the most appropriate translation.
Its effectiveness depends greatly on the quality of the original language samples and it's prone to mistakes, often sounding clunky and mechanical.
For this reason, Alan Packer, director of engineering language technology at Facebook, said recently that statistical machine translation was reaching "the end of its natural life".
Instead, translation tech is now moving towards artificial neural networks. These are structured similarly to the human brain and use complex algorithms to select and use the appropriate translation.
But rather than just translate the words, a neural network can learn metaphors and the meaning behind the language, allowing it to select a translation that means the same thing to a different culture, rather than a direct literal translation which may in some cases cause offence.
Facebook, which carries out up to two billion translations a day in 40 languages, plans to roll out such a system later this year.
Search giant Google, too - which now offers 103 languages covering 99% of the online population - is also reported to be working on switching its translation service over to neural networks.
But it has not said publicly how soon it plans to make that transition.
But before you think auto-translation is on the verge of perfection, think again.
Professor Philipp Koehn, a computer scientist and expert in translation technology at the University of Edinburgh, tells the BBC there is still some way to go.
"There are very hard problems with semantics and knowledge representation that have to be solved first, and that we are not close to solving," he says.
"The main challenges are when there is less explicit information in the source language than what is needed for generating proper target language."
For example, Chinese doesn't have the equivalent use of plurals, verb tenses, or pronouns as in English, which makes exact translation very difficult, he says.
And English doesn't use gendered nouns, which makes things tricky when translating into languages that do, such as French, Italian and German.
Until these challenges are overcome, mistranslations are likely to continue, whether that's Chinese bus routes changing Sichuan Normal University Campus Station to The University Jackie Chan Campus Station, or restaurant owners calling their establishments "Translate Server Error".
Although translation technology may be improving rapidly, the cost of failure is potentially huge, so many businesses are unwilling to put their faith in it entirely.
Clem Chambers is chief executive of ADVFN, a global stocks and shares information website that covers over 70 stock exchanges around the globe.
He says: "For us, when it comes to creating geographic and language-targeted websites, nothing beats having native speakers who actually have a thorough understanding of the financial markets.
"Translation tech has come a long way and can provide good literal translations, but what we need is something that really speaks the language of the local end user, with all the subtleties and colloquialisms specific to their country."
In other words, translation tech has its uses, but rely on it entirely at your peril.
Follow Technology of Business editor @matthew_wall on Twitter
Click here for more Technology of Business features

Bodnant Welsh Food's ex-managing director Chris Morton made "shocking comments" the hearing was told.
The sexual discrimination case, held in Mold, Flintshire, was brought by the former head of human resources at the Conwy Valley business, Jackie Atkinson.
Mr Morton said he was shocked to receive the complaint in which she accused him of bullying.
Miss Atkinson claimed she was made redundant because she objected to Mr Morton's homophobic remarks about gay employees.
Mr Morton, who has since retired, said the redundancy decision was made on a "business, needs-must basis".
The transgender employee, referred to as "A" in the hearing, was transitioning from male to female.
The tribunal heard that during a meeting to discuss A's decision to transition, Mr Morton put his head in his hands and said "not another one".
He admitted emailing Miss Atkinson asking for three options to dismiss A and was told there were none.
He told the panel it was not because A was transitioning, but due to "all the fuss and pantomime" around it.
Mr Morton denied making the comments and also said he did remember using the term "feminist wittering" towards Miss Atkinson during a staff meeting when she offered an idea as part of a brainstorming session.
Miss Atkinson, who also ran the farmhouse accommodation, worked at the food centre from May 2013 until May 2015.
The judgement was reserved to a later date.

Adrian Chadwick, 47, from Marton, Middlesbrough, fell from Lime Kilns last May.
He spent several weeks in hospital and had to wear a frame around his body for more than five months.
Mr Chadwick, a father-of-two, said it was like the "cavalry had arrived" when the air ambulance came.
He was anesthetised once aboard the helicopter and taken to Newcastle's Riyal Victoria Infirmary.
He was then transferred to James Cook University Hospital in Middlesbrough after seven days.
Mr Chadwick said: "I'm still recovering now. My injuries are life-changing but it certainly isn't the end of the world.
"It has made me realise that you need to seize the moment as you never know what is around the corner."

It made the formal offer to the UN as a step towards a global deal in Paris in December.
The EU has already promised to cut its emissions by a roughly similar proportion.
Tuesday was the deadline for wealthy nations to make their offers – but some, such as Canada, have failed to submit in time.
The announcement was made on Twitter with the words: "America is taking steps to #ActOnClimate, and the world is joining us" - accompanied by a picture of the President in China.
The US announcement said: "The target is fair and ambitious. The United States has already undertaken substantial policy action to reduce its emissions. Additional action to achieve the 2025 target represents a substantial acceleration of the current pace of greenhouse gas emission reductions.
"Achieving the 2025 target will require a further emission reduction of 9-11% beyond our 2020 target compared to the 2005 baseline and a substantial acceleration of the 2005-2020 annual pace of reduction, to 2.3-2.8 percent per year, or an approximate doubling."
Analysts examining the promises made by the first few nations to commit say they are not strong enough to hold global temperature rise to the internationally agreed maximum of 2C.
The early deadline was set for rich nation submissions because the UN is desperate for the Paris meeting to avoid a repeat of the shambolic gathering in Copenhagen in 2009 that failed in its aim of protecting the climate.
Todd Stern, the US chief climate negotiator, previously told BBC News that America’s contribution would be “quite ambitious”.
But he warned that the Paris process would not itself solve the climate problem. That, he argued, would need ongoing effort over decades.
The US has a climate action plan announced in 2013 with new restrictions on power plant emissions and tougher standards on vehicles.
But President Obama's policies are being strongly resisted by Republicans in Congress and the law courts, and other nations have been watching keenly to see if he would formally submit the offer to the UN.
The EU has offered to cut emissions 40% on 1990 levels by 2030 (the US offer is based on a 2005 baseline). Switzerland and Mexico also unveiled pledges.
China is expected to offer to peak emissions by 2030 at the latest, and to produce 20% of its energy from nuclear and renewables by the same date.
Dr Jeremy Woods, who runs Climate-KIC's Global Calculator project at Imperial College London, said: “The declarations are an important first step.  However, since most experts agree that all of the intended pledges will not be enough to limit global warming to 2C, it’s vital that the international community has a clear view of the scale of the challenge ahead.
“Over the last decade, the EU’s emissions have shrunk, the US’s have remained more-or-less stable but China’s have risen dramatically from just over 10% of global emissions in 2000 to just under 30% in 2013.  The world has been going in the opposite direction to that needed to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions.
"Unless major emitters (governments and businesses alike) can find ways and reasons to dramatically change course we will move into uncharted and dangerous waters very soon.”
Mr Stern said: “You can look at the US, the EU, China - you could say I wish they did a little more than that. It’s not perfect - but then nobody is.”
Follow Roger on Twitter.

The proportion of 10- and 11-year-olds who were obese in 2015-16 was 19.8%, up from 19.1% the year before.
Obesity among four- and five-year-olds - those in Reception year at school - hit 9.3%, up from 9.1%.
While the rises are small, they are being seen as significant because of previous signs obesity rates were no longer on the rise.
For the past few years there has been talk that the obesity rise seen over past two decades had levelled off.
But this is the second year in a row that rates for children aged 10 to 11 have gone up, according to the figures collected through the National Child Measurement Programme (NCMP).
The rise is also the single biggest jump seen since the school measuring programme properly bedded in six years ago.
Professor Russell Viner, of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, said it was a "stark reminder" of how serious the problem was.
He said the government needed to do more to tackle obesity following the publication of the child obesity strategy in the summer, which was widely criticised by health experts.
He called for more restrictions on junk food advertising and marketing.
"It is not an understatement to say we are entering a state of emergency," he added.
There are also signs the gap between the most obese areas and the least is growing.
The NCMP data showed Richmond upon Thames had the lowest prevalence rate at 11%, while Barking and Dagenham had the highest at 28.5% for 10- and 11-year-olds.
Once overweight children are included, the proportion nationally rises to 34.2%. For younger children it is 22.1%.

The Historical Institutional Abuse (HIA) Inquiry is examining allegations of abuse at Rubane House, Kircubbin.
The inquiry estimates that 200 of Rubane's 1,050 former residents have made allegations of serious sexual or physical abuse.
A total of 13 Northern Ireland institutions are being investigated.
The Kircubbin home was run by the De La Salle religious order, which has already accepted some children were abused.
A lawyer acting for the inquiry said more than 200 children had claimed they were abused at Rubane House, which was open from 1950 to 1985.
A total of 55 former residents have come forward to the inquiry to allege that they were physically or sexually abused.
Their public testimony will begin next week.
Other documentation, including police reports, suggest that a further 150 boys also made allegations of abuse in the past, but have not contacted the inquiry.
The sex abuse allegations ranged from watching children in the shower to rape, while physical abuse ranged from corporal punishment to serious assault.
The inquiry has heard that the paedophile priest, Fr Brendan Smyth, was among the offenders.
Some children also alleged that they were sexually abused by older boys in the home.
The lawyer added that in 1997, a senior police officer, Det Ch Supt Eric Anderson described the sexual abuse of children at Rubane House as "rampant" and likened the scale of the abuse at Rubane House to that of Kincora Boys Home in east Belfast.
Kincora Boys Home was the subject of a high-profile child abuse scandal in the 1980s.
Three senior care staff at Kincora were jailed in 1981 for abusing 11 boys in their care.
In 1997, Mr Anderson wrote to the director of public prosecutions about the Rubane House allegations: "I consider the complaints made to show it to be on a par with, if not worse than, the abuse at the Kincora children's home.
"Sexual abuse by a considerable number of the De La Salle brothers on the children, and consequently between children was rampant."
The HIA inquiry was set up in 2013 to investigate child abuse in residential institutions in Northern Ireland over a 73-year period, up to 1995.
The Rubane House allegations form the third module of its public hearings.
It had previously been examining what happened to children sent from Northern Ireland to institutions in Australia.

There were about 20 cancellations on the Liverpool Street to Stansted rail line after a tree fell on to overhead power lines near Bishop's Stortford.
Storm winds brought a tree down on to overhead wires which caught fire between Harpenden and St Albans.
This has led to disruption between Bedford and London St Pancras.
Thameslink, which runs this service, said disruption was likely to continue until midday.
Abellio Greater Anglia said its services to Stansted Airport and Cambridge had been hit by the storm.
The company added that a train fault had also led to a number of trains on the Liverpool Street to Norwich route in the morning being cancelled.
Abellio Greater Anglia currently runs the Greater Anglia franchise and runs services to Stansted Airport, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Norfolk, Hertfordshire and Suffolk.

Starting in September Boeing will slow the production rate to six planes a year from twelve.
The four-engined plane is being overtaken in popularity by twin-engined craft which are more fuel efficient.
However, the 747 will still be used for the Air Force One presidential fleet, which is due to be upgraded.
"Basically, the 747 line is slowly dying," said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst, from the Teal Group.
"Boeing can't kill it right away, even if that makes economic sense, because they need to build the last few planes for the US Air Force presidential replacement aircraft program in a year or two," he added.
In recent years the 747 has been more popular as a cargo plane, rather than a passenger jet.
Ray Conner, chief executive of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, said in a statement: "The air cargo market recovery that began in late 2013 has stalled in recent months and slowed demand for the 747-8 freighter."
Mr Aboulafia says a combination of factors has eroded demand for the jumbo.
"The cargo market has had a very difficult few years, and shows no signs of growth.  Meanwhile, the 747-8I passenger version was basically killed by the 777-9X, in much the same way that Airbus's A380 was gravely damaged by the A350-1000," said Mr Aboulafia.
Boeing shares  were trading up 0.5% on Friday.
Overall the company said global passenger traffic and demand remained strong.
Boeing and European rival Airbus delivered record craft last year and Boeing is raising production of its 787 Dreamliner, built largely with lightweight composite materials that reduce fuel use.
Production will rise from the current 10 per month rate to 14, by 2020.

The 45-year-old, who has been living at Ecuador's London embassy since 2012 to avoid extradition over sex assault allegations, had sought exemption from a European arrest warrant.
Mr Assange, who denies the claims, faces arrest if he leaves the building.
Prosecutors said there was no precedent in Swedish law to make any exceptions to a court decision on detention.
Mr Assange had made a request to attend the funeral of mentor and Wikileaks director Gavin MacFadyen, a US journalist who died in London on 22 October, aged 76.
He said he was "heartbroken" by the decision and called the Swedish official "callous". He said he would be appealing to Sweden's Attorney General Anders Perklev.
The accusations against Mr Assange relate to a visit he made to Stockholm in August 2010 to give a lecture.
He has refused to travel to Sweden for questioning over concerns he would be extradited to the US over Wikileaks' release of 500,000 secret military files on the Afghanistan and Iraq wars.

It was the second highest run chase in Worcestershire's history, beaten only by the 449-9 they made to beat Somerset in 1996, but their best at New Road.
After the hosts declared on 201-3, Northants made 50-1 to set the target.
Mitchell (103) and Clarke (125) put on 232 for the third wicket to get on course before Joe Leach won it with a six with one over to spare, on 404-8.
Captains Mitchell and Alex Wakely set up a fascinating final day with a pair of declarations, to set the home side the target of the win they needed to keep them in sight of Division Two leaders Essex, who are 35 points clear of third-placed Worcestershire going into next Wednesday's meeting at Chelmsford.
Northants struck twice early on in Worcestershire's second innings, with Brett D'Oliveira caught behind off Rory Kleinveldt, who then bowled Tom Fell shouldering arms.
Mitchell and Clarke batted beautifully to put Worcestershire firmly in the ascendency, although Ben Sanderson removed both as he struck three times in five deliveries after tea, before a barnstorming 78-run sixth-wicket partnership between Ben Cox and Ross Whiteley, who smashed 45 off just 30 balls.
When Whiteley was bowled by debutant Chad Barrett, the match looked to have swung once more back in favour of the visiting side but vice-captain Leach's unbeaten 33 ensured a victorious end for the hosts.
Mitchell's second century of the match also took the home-grown Worcestershire captain past the landmark of 10,000 first-class runs.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes told BBC Hereford & Worcester:
"This club has got a wonderful history of terrific batsmen. Daryl will look back on this achievement and be very proud.
"It's been a tough old season for him. His run tally was down on what he would have wanted.
"For him to score so well in this game is absolutely brilliant. Hopefully he'll crack on and score a lot more."
Northants head coach David Ripley told BBC Radio Northampton:
"As a collective, we always thought it was better to try and win the game and not just all clear off early.
"Once the negotiations were done, I thought that was a little bit in our favour. But it was a very good pitch.
"It proved to be a very good game of cricket with all results possible with two overs to go. You have to say the crowd got their money's worth."

Kerber, 28, won 6-3 4-6 6-4 in New York to add the US Open to her victory at the Australian Open in January.
Pliskova's semi-final win over Serena Williams had already ensured the German will top the new rankings on Monday.
"All my dreams came true today and I'm just trying to enjoy the moment," said Kerber.
"It's incredible. I'm standing here with a second Grand Slam trophy and it means so much to me."
Kerber was appearing in her third Grand Slam final of 2016, and the German played with the authority of a world number one in waiting.
Pliskova, 24, went into the final with a WTA Tour-leading 447 aces this year and on an 11-match winning streak that included victory over Kerber in last month's Cincinnati final.
The Czech had never been past the third round of a major before this tournament and made 17 unforced errors in the first set, but fought back with 17 winners in the second before powering 3-1 ahead in the decider.
It looked as though Kerber's athleticism and defensive skills would not be enough, but she levelled at 3-3 and then roared as a blistering forehand winner helped her move ahead once again.
At 4-4 in the final set it came down to a test of nerve, and Kerber's was rock solid as she held impressively before Pliskova fell 0-40 behind and blazed a forehand wide on match point.
"It's always tough to play against her," said Kerber. "I was trying to stay in the moment, be aggressive, I was just trying to enjoy the final. It's an amazing stadium.
"It means a lot to me. When I was a kid, I was always dreaming to be the number one player in the world and to win Grand Slams, and today's the day."
Media playback is not supported on this device
Pliskova said: "I found out I can play my best tennis on the big stages. She proved she's the world number one. I knew it was going to be difficult, but I found myself some power in the second set."
Kerber is the first German to win the US Open since Steffi Graf in 1996 and her ascent to the top of the rankings is the result of a spectacular year.
She began 2016 ranked 10th in the world after failing to get past the third round of any of the Grand Slams in 2015, but Saturday saw her claim a Tour-best 54th win of 2016.
Kerber won her first major titles in Australia and the US, as well as reaching the Wimbledon final, where she lost to Williams, and the Olympic final, where she lost to Monica Puig.
The German began the season with a shock win over Williams in Melbourne, which was only possible after she had saved a match point against Japan's Misaki Doi in the first round.

The 29-year-old was one of four candidates on a shortlist for the job.
McKinstry previously led Sierra Leone into the top 50 of the Fifa world rankings as the youngest manager in international football.
His new appointment, as the successor to Englishman Stephen Constantine, will see him also take charge of the Under-23 and Under-20 teams.
He will now lead Rwanda in their qualification games for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations, the 2018 World Cup and the 2016 Olympics.
The other coaches in the running for the job were former Chelsea assistant Jose Morais, Turk Engin Frat and German Hans Michael Weiss.
Constantine quit the post in January to take over as manager of the India national side.
McKinstry was appointed by the Leone Stars at the age of 27 and lost only one of his first six matches.
But following defeats by Ivory Coast and DR Congo in the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers, he was sacked - only six months after he had been given the job on a permanent basis.

The Perth hurdler helped the women's quartet to Great Britain's 66th medal in Rio, surpassing the 65 from their home Games in 2012.
Golds for rower Heather Stanning, in the women's pair, cyclists Callum Skinner - in the men's team sprint - and Katie Archibald - in the women's team pursuit  - and tennis star Andy Murray had already helped Scots surpass their previous best for an overseas Games of eight medals from the 1912 Olympics in Stockholm.
Two relay silver medals for swimmer Duncan Scott and a fifth Olympic medal for 40-year-old rower Katherine Grainger were also among the highlights as Scots surpassed the target of 10 set by Mike Whittingham, performance director for national agency Sportscotland.
Callum Skinner also picked up a second medal when he took silver behind GB team-mate Jason Kenny in the men's sprint final.
There were 50 Scots - the largest ever contingent in a Great Britain team for an overseas Olympics, surpassing the previous record of 31 in Beijing in 2008 - competing in 15 of the 42 sports in Rio.
Heather Stanning (Rowing, women's pair).
Gordonstoun-educated Stanning, who lives in Lossiemouth, and partner Helen Glover were unbeaten in the women's pair since 2011, and led the final from start to finish to successfully defend their Olympic title.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Callum Skinner (Cycling, team sprint)
Glasgow-born Skinner, 23, who started cycling at Meadowbank velodrome when his family moved to Edinburgh, was under pressure to justify his place in the men's sprint team but claimed a superb gold alongside Philip Hindes and Jason Kenny.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Katie Archibald (Cycling, team pursuit)
Archibald, 22, from Milngavie, near Glasgow, joined Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell-Shand and Elinor Barker to set a new world record as they beat the United States in the final.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Andy Murray (Tennis, men's singles)
The two-time Wimbledon champion, 29, completed another memorable double when he became the first tennis player to win two Olympic singles titles with a thrilling four-set victory over Argentine Juan Martin del Potro.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Stephen Milne, Duncan Scott, Dan Wallace, Robbie Renwick (Swimming, 4 x 200m freestyle relay)
Milne, 22, from the Perth City Swim Club, Edinburgh-born Wallace, 23, a member of the Warrender Baths Club, 19-year-old Scott and University of Stirling team-mate Renwick, 28 - who swam in the heat before James Guy took over for the final - finished strongly to claim silver behind the United States.
Media playback is not supported on this device
David Florence (Canoeing - C2 double)
Aberdonian Florence, 34, and partner Richard Hounslow had to settle for silver for the second successive Games in the canoe double, a third for Florence after a C1 silver in Beijing in 2008.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Mark Bennett & Mark Robertson (Rugby sevens)
Glasgow centre Bennett, 23, and Scotland sevens specialist Robertson, 31, both played key roles in a GB squad that squeezed past Japan and New Zealand in tense pool games before even tighter knock-out matches against Argentina and South Africa, only to be beaten 43-7 by favourites Fiji in the final.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Katherine Grainger (Rowing, double sculls)
Glasgow-born Grainger, 40, became Britain's most decorated female Olympian by winning a fourth Olympics silver medal with Victoria Thornley in the double sculls, four years after striking gold in London.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Polly Swann & Karen Bennett (Rowing, women's eight)
Edinburgh-born Bennett, 27, and 28-year-old Swann, raised and educated in the Scottish capital, helped Britain win a first Olympic medal in the women's eight, alongside Katie Greves, Melanie Wilson, Frances Houghton, Jessica Eddie, Olivia Carnegie-Brown and Zoe Lee.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Duncan Scott (Swimming, 4x100m medley relay)
The Glasgow-born 19-year-old won his second silver of the Games, joining Adam Peaty, James Guy and Chris Walker-Hebborn in helping Britain to a sixth medal in the pool.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Callum Skinner (Cycling, men's sprint)
The 23-year-old, already dubbed 'the new Chris Hoy' in some quarters, cemented his burgeoning reputation by reaching the final of the individual sprint, having already won gold in the team event, but had to play second fiddle to more experienced GB team-mate Jason Kenny.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Sally Conway (Judo, women's -70kg)
Conway, 29, who won bronze for Scotland at the 2014 Commonwealth Games and trains at Judo Scotland's Edinburgh headquarters in Ratho, scored a single yuko to beat Austria's Bernadette Graf in the bronze medal match, after earlier beating world champion Gevrise Emane.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Eilidh Doyle (Athletics, women's 4x400m relay)
The 29-year-old Scottish record holder from Perth came into the team for the final and ran the lead-off leg as she, Anyika Onuora, Emily Diamond and Christine Ohuruogu took bronze behind the United States and Jamaica.  Doyle's 11th major championship medal brought her level with Yvonne Murray as Scotland's most decorated track and field athlete.
Media playback is not supported on this device

Speaking to the Minneapolis Star Tribune, officials investigating the artist's death said the pills were labelled as hydrocodone, a weaker type of opioid.
Autopsy results released in June revealed Prince died of an accidental fentanyl overdose.
Officials told the Associated Press the singer had no prescriptions for controlled substances at the time.
Prince was found dead at 57 in an elevator inside his Paisley Park home in April.
According to the Star Tribune report, the musician weighed just 50kg (8 stone) at the time of his death and had significantly more than a fatal dose of fentanyl in his system.
Fentanyl has been linked to a surge in overdoses in parts of the US after being incorporated into counterfeit pills.
The counterfeit pills found in Paisley Park contained a variety of drugs, according to the Associated Press, including fentanyl, lidocaine and U-4770, a synthetic drug eight times more powerful than morphine.
Tests on Prince prior to his death did not show fentanyl in his system, AP said, citing an official involved with the investigation, indicating the singer was not a long-term user of the drug.
The official said Prince had many of these pills with him a week before his death when his aeroplane made an emergency stop in Illinois after he fell ill.
He reportedly received two doses of Narcan, an antidote used to reverse suspected opioid overdoses.
A singer, songwriter, arranger and multi-instrumentalist, Prince recorded more than 30 albums. His best known hits include Let's Go Crazy and When Doves Cry.
Fentanyl is an extremely strong painkiller, prescribed for severe chronic pain, or breakthrough pain which doesn't respond to regular painkillers.
It is an opioid painkiller which means it works by mimicking the body's natural painkillers, called endorphins, which block pain messages to the brain.
It can cause dangerous side effects, including severe breathing problems.
The risk of harm is higher if the wrong dose or strength is used.

The Wales international, 26, joined the Potters for £13m in July after four seasons at Anfield.
"Everything's been positive," Allen told BBC Radio Stoke.
"Stoke and Liverpool came to agreement very quickly and it was all very smooth - that's been great because I've had a couple of weeks with the team ahead of the new season."
Allen arrived at the Bet365 Stadium on the same day as Egypt winger Ramadan Sobhi, with the pair becoming boss Mark Hughes' first signings of the summer.
And Allen says the calibre of players already at his new club meant he was always confident he was coming to a serious team.
"You look at the quality that's already here, like Glenn Whelan and to get Glen Johnson was a real coup," he added.
"With the ones they've recruited in the last few seasons, like Shaqiri, Bojan, Imbula, Arnautovic and Jack Butland pushing for the England spot in goal, it's a squad that's got quality throughout.
"I'm hoping to add to that and I certainly don't see leaving Liverpool and joining Stoke is a big drop - I wasn't expecting it to be."
After three successive ninth-placed finishes, Stoke have become regulars in the Premier League's top 10.
And Allen says that consistency under Hughes was one major pull.
"There were so many factors," Allen said. "The stability that they've had over recent years, the manager and his staff have improved the team and the players I'd get to play with meant it was a no brainer for me.
"I trust myself to give 100% effort and that's what my focus is on - I can't wait."

Bodies of the 10 crew members were handed over on Saturday, they said. Passengers would follow next week.
Investigators say traces of explosives have been found on the victims and a criminal investigation will be held.
Flight MS804 from Paris to Cairo plunged into the sea on 19 May killing all 66 people on board.
EgyptAir flight MS804: What we know
Among those who died were 40 Egyptians and 15 French nationals.
France has voiced concern about the delay in returning the bodies of its nationals.
French investigators have complained about co-operation with their Egyptian counterparts.
The Paris prosecutor opened a manslaughter investigation into the crash in June.
In September, French newspaper Le Figaro reported that French investigators had found trace levels of the explosive material TNT on debris of the plane, but had been prevented from examining it further.
Egyptian officials denied obstructing French inquiries.
The cause of the crash remains unclear. No distress call was made beforehand but the cockpit voice recorder revealed the pilots had fought to put out a fire.
Automated electronic messages sent out by the plane showed smoke detectors going off in a toilet and in the avionics area below the cockpit, minutes before the plane vanished.
Recovered wreckage showed signs of damage caused by high temperature and there was soot on the jet's front section.
Although there were fears that an act of terrorism might have brought the plane down, no group has said it targeted the plane.
The crash came seven months after a Russian passenger plane was brought down by a bomb over Egypt's Sinai peninsula, killing all 224 people on board.
An Egyptian affiliate of the Islamic State group said it was behind that attack. However, there was no such claim following the crash in May.
The EgyptAir plane had taken off from Paris' Charles de Gaulle airport where security has been tight since the jihadist attacks of November 2015.
Analysts say that in the two days before the crash, the plane had travelled to Egypt, Tunisia and Eritrea, leaving open the possibility that a bomb could have been planted before its arrival in Paris.

Mr Ramos, 40, was shot along with his partner Wenjian Liu, 32, in Brooklyn.
New York's police chief says they were "targeted for their uniform".
The gunman - who subsequently killed himself - had posted anti-police messages online, amid continuing tensions over police tactics.
Mr Ramos's funeral will take place in Queens on Saturday.
Friends and colleagues paid tribute to Mr Ramos at the wake on Friday. "He was this beam of light," said Elizabeth Vidal, who had known Mr Ramos for more than a decade.
Captain Sergio Centa, Mr Ramos's commander, told the Associated Press news agency that Mr Ramos had been studying to be a pastor.
"He had Bible study books in his locker, which is rare for a police officer, but that goes to show you the type of man he was,'' he said.
Thousands of police officers from around the country are expected to join US Vice-President Joe Biden for the funeral service.
The gunman, named as 28-year-old Ismaaiyl Brinsley, had a history of mental instability, according to police.
After the shooting in the Bedford-Stuyvesant area, Brinsley ran into a subway station where he killed himself.
Before shooting them, Brinsley suggested on social media that he was planning to kill police in retaliation for the death of Eric Garner, a black man who died when white officers tried to arrest him for selling single cigarettes in New York.
A grand jury decided not to indict an officer over his death.
Last month, another grand jury also cleared a white officer in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old, in Ferguson, Missouri.
Both grand jury decisions triggered nationwide protests.

Authorities say some 7,000 people live in the camp in squalid conditions. They will be offered placements in refugee centres across the country.
Several of the children there are expected to be relocated to the UK.
The Jungle has become a powerful symbol of Europe's failure to cope with the migrant crisis.
Many of the migrants attempt to reach the UK by boarding lorries as they approach ports or the Channel Tunnel.
Minors will be taken to the camp's converted shipping containers during the dismantling of the rest of the Jungle, the interior ministry said in a statement.
The migrants who currently live in the containers - which were being used as temporary accommodation instead of makeshift tents - will be evacuated to make room for the minors.
There are 7,500 beds available in centres across France for the Calais migrants. Some 60 buses will be used to remove them from the camp.
Officials say they are worried about crowds rushing to leave the camp during the first stage of the operation. From Tuesday, heavy machinery will be sent to clear the tents and shelters that have been left behind.
The Interior Ministry said that police forces "might be forced to intervene" if faced with resistance.
Several children from the camp are expected to be relocated to the UK.
French Interior Ministry Bernard Cazeneuve had held talks on this issue with the UK's Home Secretary Amber Rudd, the statement added. Discussions, it said, "were sometimes difficult as they can be between close partners".
The Jungle has played host to scenes of both squalor and of violence, as migrants, mainly from Africa and the Middle East, attempt to board lorries bound for the UK, clashing with drivers and police in the process.
A UK-funded wall 1km (0.6 miles) long is being built along the main road to the port in an attempt to deter would-be stowaways. The UK government has not confirmed the cost, but it is reported to have contributed about Â£1.9m (â‚¬2.2m).
Work on the wall, which began last week, is due to be finished by the end of the year.

Media playback is not supported on this device
Welsh athlete Stanford, the 2013 world champion, won her first race of the season, finishing six seconds ahead of fellow Briton Jodie Stimpson.
"I'm delighted to walk away with the win and I guess it bodes well for the rest of the season," said Stanford, who is preparing for the Rio 2016 Olympics.
"It was a bit of a confidence boost and I loved being back out there."
The 27-year-old added: "I was quite apprehensive before the race and didn't really know what to expect.
"We'd been training really hard since the New Year but I didn't feel like I was in the best race shape.
"Obviously that's not the aim for this time of year, the aim is to keep building towards August."
Stanford won in 59 minutes 49 seconds in South Africa, ahead of Stimpson with Bermuda's Flora Duffy coming third.
Commonwealth champion Stimpson has missed out on Olympic selection after Wales' Helen Jenkins got the nod from British selectors.
Stanford and her training partner Vicky Holland had previously booked their places in GB's three-athlete team for Rio by finishing second and third respectively in the 2015 World Triathlon final last September.
Holland and Stimpson had won the Cape Town race for the previous two years, while Jenkins had won the previous World Series event on Australia's Gold Coast.
Swansea-born Stanford was delighted to have continued Britain's success not only in South Africa but in the World Series.
"It's great to be part of the team at the minute and atmosphere is fantastic," Stanford told BBC Wales Sport.
"We push each other on to better performances and I strongly believe in the mantra of success breeds success.
"We're pushing each other on to keep delivering the goods for Great Britain."

STV2 is a rebranded version of STV's Glasgow and Edinburgh stations, and will include new licences for Aberdeen, Ayr and Dundee.
It will broadcast around the clock on Freeview as well as Sky and Virgin channels. It will also be streamed online via the STV Player.
STV News Tonight, presented by Halla Mohieddeen, airs weeknights at 19:00.
STV said the channel would reach about 85% of viewers in its transmission area.
It said the channel would also feature new programming including soap, drama and movies.

The 24-year-old, who can also play on the wing, has had spells with West Bromwich Albion, Crawley and Torquay.
Hurst spent part of last season on loan at Guiseley and was on the books at National League North side AFC Telford earlier in the 2016-17 campaign.
Dover have not disclosed the length of Hurst's deal at Crabble but he can make his debut against York on Saturday.

Moeen is available for the County Championship Division Two match against Northamptonshire, starting on Friday.
And, despite last weekend's eight-wicket win over Glamorgan, Rhodes has confirmed that Moeen, 29, will play.
"Whoever misses out, it's special circumstances. They understand that," Rhodes told BBC Hereford & Worcester.
"We love having Mo in our side - he's a wonderful character. His attitude is brilliant when he comes back to play for us."
As well as his one-off Championship appearance against Northants, Moeen has been made available by the England and Wales Cricket Board for Worcestershire's first three One-Day Cup matches - against Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire and Northants.
"We've got good young players who have played quite a bit now so hopefully we can all gel together this year and surprise a few people. And they've made a good start," said Moeen.
"The Championship game is very important from a Worcestershire point of view. And also from a personal point of view to get some form and bat some time.
"But the three one-dayers are also something I'm definitely looking forward to, and hopefully opening the batting again."
Moeen played three early season Championship matches for Worcestershire last summer, scoring 273 runs at an average of 91, but he took only one wicket with his off-spin.
It will be his first Worcestershire appearance since making 81 in the the nine-wicket One-Day Cup quarter-final defeat by Somerset at Taunton last August.

Of all the UK nations, Wales saw the greatest fall in unemployment compared with the previous three months.
But despite the drop, the rate of unemployment in Wales, 5.3%, remains higher than the UK rate of 5.1%.
There were also 49,000 more people in work in Wales than the same time the previous year.
Unemployment in the UK as a whole fell by 60,000 to 1.69 million between October and December.

The victim has been named locally as Dolton Powell, 21, who was a former pupil at St Peter's High School in the city.
Police investigating his death said they believed a group of people from Bristol could help their inquiry.
The victim was found seriously injured at the All Nations Community Centre in Chase Lane, Gloucester, early on Sunday. He died later in hospital.
Two other men were also found with non life-threatening injuries.
Three men aged 22, 21 and 19 were arrested on suspicion of murder. The 19-year-old has now been released.
A tribute on the St Peter's High School website described Mr Powell as "an extremely popular, friendly, and very promising young man" who was "rarely seen without a smile on his face".
It added he was "very involved in the school community, and was notable for his responsible, polite, and caring manner" and that "he was friends with everyone".
Det Insp Steve Porter said police continue to question the two men being held in custody.
"Our officers are carrying out investigations throughout Gloucester, the wider county and into Bristol, as we believe a group of individuals from the Bristol area were in the vicinity at the time of the incident," Mr Porter added.

However, Wilson thinks the broadside is unlikely to inspire the "miracle run" needed to save them from relegation.
Thompson apologised to supporters for "abysmal" performances.
"You'd think it would go the opposite way - the chairman saying they've got 13 games to save their professional careers, almost," said Wilson.
Thompson's statement said that United squad members have "13 matches to preserve the club's Premiership status and redeem their own professional reputations".
The Tannadice club are 13 points adrift at the foot of the table following Tuesday's 3-0 home defeat to Motherwell.
"I would be hurt by it [the statement]," said Wilson, who began his career at United and ended a second spell with them last year.
"I think you expect criticism and public criticism, probably from your manager.
"But it's slightly strange when it comes from the chairman. However, I'm sure the players are under no illusions of where they are at the minute and what they've done to deserve to be there.
"They've got to realise that at a time like this the chairman has every right to come out and criticise them."
With just three wins from 25 league games, Thompson talked of "miserable failure on the pitch".
"I wouldn't think that's the best way of inspiring a team to go on some sort of miracle run to get them up the table," Wilson told BBC Scotland.
"It's different now from when I was there. They were used to relegation battles when I was first there as a kid.
"When I went back the second time [in 2013] they were so successful and playing some great football. They'd won the Scottish Cup [in 2010] and we got back to the final [in 2014]; so it's a different support now and they expect success.
"That's why the fans are turning. They expect the success and the quality of players like Stuart Armstrong and Nadir Ciftci [both sold to Celtic last year] - and things coming through.
"At the minute they're not getting either results or those players coming through. So, they'll be really disappointed. Before long they'll probably start calling for someone's head."
Prior to Tuesday's loss, manager Mixu Paatelainen had put together a three-game unbeaten sequence.
"A couple of weeks ago I was thinking 'they'll go on this little run now' because teams have gone on a run and got away from United," added Wilson.
"I really thought they would go on a run. But after the other night's performance against Motherwell I think that was the last straw and I think they've consigned themselves to life in the Championship next year."

If the proposals get the go ahead, work on the scheme would begin later this year with it being completed over three financial years.
Meanwhile, a study into ditching free Sunday parking is to go ahead.
Plans for the 20mph limit follows a consultation exercise, which the council said showed strong support.
Support was strongest among the parents of children under 16, while businesses were split 50/50.
Campaigners have called on towns and cities elsewhere in Scotland to follow suit.
About 25 miles of Edinburgh's roads, from Arthur's Seat to Blackford Hill, are already covered by a 20mph limit.
It is designed to improve safety and encourage more people to walk or cycle.
The plans will go before members of the council's transport and environment committee for approval on 13 January.
Councillors on the committee will be asked to a sign off a £110,000 study of parking in the evenings and on Sundays. The report will also look at the impact the plans would have on residents and businesses, with the results published in June.
A public consultation on a draft action plan would then be held some time before August.
Proposals being considered for the plan include extending evening parking restrictions, introducing parking fines on Sundays and extending permit holders' parking rights in pay-and-display parking bays.
Lesley Hinds, Edinburgh City Council's transport convener, said: "We were absolutely delighted with the huge response to our consultation in the autumn and it's great to be moving on to the stage of finalising exactly which streets will become 20mph, provided the necessary Traffic Regulation Orders are secured.
"Edinburgh is taking a very bold step in introducing slower speeds for so much of its roads and we're aware that other cities in Scotland are watching our example keenly.
"There's obviously a lot of work to be done to raise public awareness between now and the first new limits coming into effect.
"It's undoubtedly a culture change for the whole city but we're very encouraged by the overwhelmingly positive response we've seen to the pilot project in South Edinburgh.
"Support for 20mph limits was already high before the pilot began but it increased even more once people tried out the slower speeds in practice."
John Lauder, national director of Sustrans Scotland, said: "It is fantastic to see Edinburgh Council rolling out 20mph speed limits across more and more streets in the capital.
"Sustrans wants to see increasing numbers of people choosing to travel actively on an everyday basis, whether on foot or by bike, and we think that reducing traffic speeds is a key way to helping achieve this.
"Many other towns and cities across Scotland will no doubt be watching Edinburgh closely as implementation of the new 20mph network gets under way. Hopefully they will like what they see and learn from Edinburgh's experience."
Edmund King, AA president, said: "What we would advise Edinburgh and other cities looking at 20mph limits is to target them where they really are needed.
"The busiest shopping streets, the road outside the school, the residential areas, rather than just introducing blanket limits, which generally aren't supported by motorists and therefore it's very difficult to enforce."
Supt Phil O'Kane, of Police Scotland, said: "We will not routinely police the 20mph zones, however we will respond to any particular zones where there is a casualty reduction requirement.
"We will enforce the 20mph zones outside schools because that is important for the children of Edinburgh."

Late on Friday, it used one of its refurbished Falcon 9 vehicles to put up a Bulgarian satellite from Florida.
Then on Sunday, SpaceX lofted another 10 spacecraft for telecommunications company Iridium. This time, the rocket flew out of California.
Both missions saw the Falcon first-stages come back to Earth under control to drone ships that had been positioned out on the ocean.
It means SpaceX has now had 13 landing successes for those missions it has sought to recover the booster. That said, Friday's first-stage had a particularly hard landing, and looked bent over on the live video feed.
"Rocket is extra toasty and hit the deck hard (used almost all of the emergency crush core), but otherwise good," quipped SpaceX chief executive, Elon Musk, on Twitter.
His firm does not expect to recover every booster, because the flight profile required on many satellite launches will lead to re-entry speeds that are simply too fast to curtail with the available propellant.
Friday's mission was launched from the US East Coast, from the Kennedy Space Center's famous Apollo and shuttle pad, 39A.
The "second-hand" Falcon 9 lifted off at 15:10 local time (1910 GMT).
Its passenger, BulgariaSat-1, was dropped off in orbit, some 30 minutes later.
The spacecraft will be used to beam TV into homes in Bulgaria and Serbia.
The Falcon booster was last flown in January, to launch 10 satellites for the Iridium sat-phone and data-relay company. And it was another Iridium launch that topped out the weekend's activities.
This second mission, on a brand new Falcon, occurred on the West Coast, from the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Iridium is in the midst of replacing its global network of satellites. Another 10 went up on this latest flight.
SpaceX has another six launches on the books for Iridium, whose existing network of more than 60 spacecraft is now well past its design life.
Sunday's lift-off occurred at 13:25 local time (20:25 GMT). The returning booster on this occasion sported new titanium grid fins to help steer the vehicle back to its waiting drone ship.
The titanium ought to be more robust than the previous aluminium type, said Mr Musk, removing the requirement for repair or replacement.  This should speed the turnaround of future boosters for re-use.
"New titanium grid fins worked even better than expected. Should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service," the CEO tweeted.
Iridium's business is mobile communications, providing connections to anyone who is not near a fixed line. These customers include the military, oil and gas platforms, ships and broadcasters.
Increasingly, it also includes remote machinery reporting in its status to a central server. This machine-to-machine service has a big future, especially as more and more devices are linked together in the coming, so-called "internet of things".
The new Iridium satellites also host payloads for two tracking companies. One of is Aireon, which aims to offer a service that reports the positions of aircraft by sensing their ADS-B (Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast) transmissions. This would be useful in following planes that are beyond radar coverage, but could also help airlines plan more efficient routing.
The other hosted payload is for exactEarth, which does something very similar with ships. Large vessels transmit an Automatic Identification System message that can be sensed from orbit.
Again, shipping companies can use the tracking service to keep tabs on vessels and to plot the best available course to a port.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos

The offences that led to convictions include sex crimes, assaults and possessing indecent images of children.
However, only 25 of the 45 forces gave figures to the Press Association after a Freedom of Information request.
A Home Office spokesman said measures had been introduced to improve standards of behaviour in the police.
The 20 forces that did not provide information either said they could not reveal the number of convictions because of the cost of retrieving the information, or did not respond to the request.
Police Scotland and the Police Service of Northern Ireland were among those not to provide the information.
Separate figures obtained from 18 forces showed that there are at least 295 officers and police community support officers (PCSOs) with convictions who are currently serving with the police.
Police convictions: How did your force respond?
The Home Office spokesman said: "The vast majority of police officers in this country do their job honestly and with integrity. They put themselves in harm's way to protect the public.
"But the good work of the majority threatens to be damaged by a continuing series of events and revelations relating to police conduct.
"Over the last two years the Home Office has introduced a programme of measures to improve standards of behaviour in the police, including making the disciplinary system more independent and transparent through introducing hearings in public, preventing officers resigning or retiring to avoid dismissal, and - from next year - introducing legally qualified, independent chairs on misconduct hearing panels."
Police forces did not tell the Press Association the names of officers who had been involved in crimes, saying that it would breach data protection laws to identify them.
Analysis by BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw
What the figures demonstrate is that, proportionately, the number of "rotten apples" in the police barrel is very small.
You might expect that, given that police are meant to enforce the law rather than break it, but sometimes newspaper headlines suggest the opposite.
However, the refusal of so many police forces to provide conviction data is more troubling. Surely it's in each constabulary's interest to keep tabs on employees with a criminal record - and surely it's in the public interest for us to know, for, as Home Secretary Theresa May has recently reminded us, the police are the public and the public are the police.
The College of Policing has begun releasing details of the number of officers who leave the service for disciplinary reasons. Perhaps the College, the body which sets ethical standards for the service, should start collecting and publishing conviction data too.
Among the forces to provide figures to the Press Association:
There are 207,140 police workers in England and Wales according to the most recent government data - this figure includes police officers and PCSOs but also staff working in a support role. There are 17,295 full-time police officers at Police Scotland and 6,748 regular officers working for the Police Service of Northern Ireland, neither of which have PCSOs.
The highest-ranked officer to have been convicted in the three-year period was a detective chief superintendent at West Yorkshire Police.
David Knopwood was sacked from the force for gross misconduct last year after admitting driving at nearly twice the legal alcohol limit.
He was banned from driving for 12 months and fined Â£1,000 at his court hearing last year.
He had failed a roadside breath test after being stopped by officers and admitted refusing to provide a further specimen.
The court hearing was told he drank two pints and then provided a roadside reading of 60 microgrammes of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath. The legal limit is 35.
His lawyer had said Knopwood was under a lot of stress and had great responsibility at the force as the head of the unit responsible for investigating major crimes.
Cleveland Chief Constable Jacqui Cheer, the lead on professional standards and ethics at the National Police Chiefs' Council, said its code of ethics was "well-embedded across the service" - 12 months after being introduced - and that it "clearly sets out the standards of professional behaviour expected of officers and staff".
She said: "When members of the service fall short of these standards, well-established and rigorous processes are in place to ensure appropriate action is taken.
"The decision by a force to retain someone with a conviction will have been carefully considered and only taken following a clear, national and regulated process."
Victim Support director Lucy Hastings said: "As a charity that supports hundreds of thousands of crime victims every year we know that the vast majority of police are honest, trustworthy and committed to getting justice for victims.
"Victims of crime will clearly find these figures alarming. It is critical that victims know they can trust the police so that they have confidence to report crimes. But, understandably, it can be incredibly difficult to speak out about a crime committed by a police officer - someone we expect and trust to abide by the law."

The party said its proposed strong start fund could be topped up with a £250 further payment when a child celebrates their 10th birthday.
The party also promised to reverse the cut in student numbers and reduce tuition fees.
It said it would tackle what it terms the gross disparity in investment in different areas of Northern Ireland.
Speaking at the manifesto launch in Dungannon, SDLP leader Colum Eastwood criticised Sinn Féin for what he said was their failure to take an important economic ministry during nine years in power.
The manifesto criticised the DUP/Sinn Féin shared education campus initiative as not going far enough and pledged to build and promote integrated education.
The SDLP said it is running for government, not opposition, but will only take a place in the power-sharing coalition if its programme for government meets its requirements.
"Stormont's current leaders are selling an illusion of progress," Mr Eastwood said.
"More and more though, it is an illusion that only they see and they believe."
On the money for children, Mr Eastwood said: "The SDLP will give every child born here the chance to build for their financial future," Mr Eastwood said..
"It is unacceptable in an economy as wealthy as ours that children live in homes with no savings or assets. That ends now."
Other key commitments outlined during the launch in Dungannon included:
"The north cannot continue losing some of its best and brightest," Mr Eastwood said.
"Our people are our greatest resource and the future of this economy is diminished by every one of those people that is forced to leave."

Speaking to BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland programme, he said there was "nothing wrong" with local authorities running schools.
However, he insisted "we can do things differently" in how schools are funded.
Cosla, which speaks for most Scottish councils, said local authorities had a "very good record on education".
Its education spokeswoman, Councillor Stephanie Primrose, said councils were not complacent and were "always happy to seek ways of improvement".
However, she added: "Scotland's councils have a very good record on education, as the first minister said yesterday herself pointing to record exam passes and good positive destinations.
"The finance minister has also said that there is nothing wrong with councils running education. We have also had a positive report last year from international experts (the OECD) on the state of Scottish education."
Mr Mackay, who was given his new finance role in First Minister Nicola Sturgeon's cabinet reshuffle, said it was the government's intention for head teachers to run devolved management budgets.
He explained that there would be a different approach to funding and "how we address resources".
Mr Mackay said: "We've spoken about funding going direct to schools and that's different than has been the case before - realigning funding to ensure that those with the least in life receive the most support at school.
"So there will be, yes, a different relationship in how education is delivered."
He added: "There's nothing wrong with local authorities running schools, but we can do things differently in how they're funded and how we address the attainment gap because we recognise that there's more to do and [to] engage more with the head teachers running the devolved management budgets."
Opposition parties said they would work with the government on education, but urged "genuine reform".
The Scottish Conservatives believed the government needed to set out the detail and give "real power" to schools.
The party's spokeswoman, Liz Smith, said there was a "growing consensus" that one size did not fit all when it came to education.
She added: "However, the SNP needs to set out in detail what it is proposing. We want real power and control heading to schools - these reforms must not be used as a smokescreen for yet more SNP centralisation."
Labour's Iain Gray questioned the amount of time it had taken the SNP to turn its attention to education.
He explained: "Why has it taken nine years for the SNP to wake up to the fact that this is the biggest investment we can make in our future, both the fairness of future society, but also our economic prosperity."
Ms Sturgeon told Holyrood on Wednesday that education and the economy were her top priorities.
She said her ministers aimed for "real and lasting progress towards true equality of opportunity".
An international council of educational experts will be appointed to advise the government on improvements to schools.
It will be formed over the summer and will focus on closing the attainment gap in schools, achieving equality and educational system reform.
The first minister reshuffled her cabinet with her key priorities in mind, introducing separate finance and economy portfolios and moving her deputy John Swinney from finance to the education brief.

Teal Amelia David, from Oxfordshire, was fatally injured on an unclassified road in Aberdaron, at the tip of the Lleyn Peninsula, at about 08:40 BST.
Officers said the tractor involved was red, but they have not released any further details.
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact North Wales Police on 101.

Murphy Oil revealed in July that a deal had been signed with the Klesch Group, safeguarding 400 jobs at the refinery.
On Monday it said 228 of its petrol stations - 78 in Wales - are being sold to Motor Fuel Group (MFG) in a deal Reuters say is worth Â£200m.
The petrol stations will retain the Murco brand and name.
MFG currently operates about 60 petrol station forecourts in Britain including some operated under the BP and Total brands.
Murphy Oil put its British refining and retail fuel subsidiary Murco up for sale more than two years ago.
The company said in a statement: "Murphy is pleased to announce the signing of this agreement, following closely the signing of the agreement for the sale of the Milford Haven refinery."
The deal is expected to be done by 30 September, it added.
The future of the refinery had been in doubt since Murphy announced it was no longer buying crude oil to be processed at the site.
Workers were already fearing the worst when a Â£300m deal to save the plant collapsed in April.
But the deal with the Klesch Group was greeted with "relief" and described "great news for workforce and for Wales".
Brian Madderson, chairman of the Petrol Retailers Association, said MFG will also take over the responsibility for transporting fuel to all 78 stations in Wales.
He said: "This is a really positive piece of news and there's no reason to be concerned. The fuel stations should remain accessible to the communities they serve."

They all want to be in Wales on Saturday, 3 June 2017.
The 2017 Champions League final at Cardiff's Principality Stadium will be the biggest sporting event to have been staged in Wales with an estimated 200m people in more than 200 countries likely to watch the game on television.
Not only will it bring an estimated £45m into the Welsh economy, but it is hoped the world's most watched annual sporting event will push Wales further into world football's corridors of power after an historic Euro 2016 campaign.
The 2017 Champions League draw
The eyes of the world will be on Cardiff next summer with the likes of Manchester City manager Guardiola, who helped Barcelona win the Champions League in 2009 and 2011, and Bayern Munich boss Ancelotti, a three-time European Cup winner, eyeing up the trophy.
But the final could have a Welsh flavour with winger Bale aiming to lift a third Champions League trophy after Real Madrid's successes in 2014 and 2016.
"After winning the first Champions League, I knew the Super Cup was in Cardiff, so it was an amazing moment for me personally," he said, in reference to the 2014 Super Cup final at Cardiff City Stadium, where Madrid beat Sevilla 2-0 thanks to two Ronaldo goals.
"But to have the Champions League final in my home town is an even bigger motivation."
Wales is still riding a wave of euphoria with Welsh football fans excited to see what Chris Coleman's national team can achieve in their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign after the side reached the last four of Euro 2016.
"Everybody is mad for football, especially after the European Championship where we were able to perform so well," Bale, 27, said.
"Football is hopefully on the rise more than ever. And I think the city of Cardiff itself is growing and is now attracting big sporting events."
Cardiff hosted the 1999 Rugby World Cup final and six FA Cup finals while the new Wembley was being built, but hosting an event that draws a larger TV audience than American football's Super Bowl cements the city's status as a sporting capital alongside the likes of Milan, Berlin and London.
And with Cardiff City Stadium also hosting the Women's Champions League final on Thursday, 1 June, it is set to be a real festival of football.
The Football Association of Wales' 2017 Champions League project director Alan Hamer says Thursday's group stage draw has made the size and importance of the event hit home with teams like Barcelona, Juventus and Borussia Dortmund involved in the competition.
"Seeing the draw and the teams that could make it to Cardiff brings it all to life which is great and exciting," he said.
Wales fans were able to watch their team's Euro 2016 games at a Cardiff fan zone in Cooper's Field, which had a capacity of 6,000 people.
But Hamer says Cardiff's Champions League fan zone will be "much bigger".
"We're expecting at least 200,000 people to visit the fan zone," he said.
"The biggest attraction is the trophy... It's there for four days and there's no charge to go to the fan zone and people can have their photo taken with the trophy.
"Discussions are still ongoing, but hopefully we will be able to confirm a location [for the fan zone] fairly soon, but it is going to be in Cardiff within close proximity of the stadium."
Hamer has admitted staging such a big event will be a challenge, but is confident transport problems which affected fans travelling to games in Cardiff during the 2015 Rugby World Cup would not be repeated.
The 74,500-seat Principality Stadium will be referred to as "The National Stadium of Wales" in the build-up to the Champions League final with European football's governing body, Uefa, unwilling for the venue to be named after a sponsor.
The same happened to Munich's Allianz Arena in 2012 when it was re-branded as the Football Arena München.
The Welsh government says the nation "will gain the largest television exposure ever for an event" when it hosts the Champions League final and Hamer hopes the event will help build on Wales' success at Euro 2016 - their first major tournament for 58 years.
"One of the reasons the FAW wanted to stage the Champions League final was purely to develop football, to get more children and adults involved," he said.
"The Euros have been fantastic for us because it means that we're starting from a very high level, we've got the entire country enthused in football.
"We need to make sure that the Champions League takes it to the next level, that by the end of June next year we've got record numbers of people involved in football across Wales.
"Hopefully some of the activities that we have planned as part of our bid, taking the competition around Wales, lots of community football competitions and educational programmes will build on all the good work that has taken place over the last 12 months with the Euros and Welsh football will never be in a stronger position come end of June next year."

A childhood dream, stoked by a supportive family. A shot of raw talent washed down with a bucketload of honest sweat.
Annie Conway's road to the top of the world started in a pub, amid pint pots and pork scratchings.
In 2008, her husband Terry was working behind a bar, gaining weight and losing fitness.
"He came to a circuits class with me and nearly fainted," remembers Conway, 36. "He realised that he needed to get fit. He started out with just a few runs from the back door."
Conway did swimming and fitness classes, not jogging, but joined him as moral support.
Eight years later - June 2016 - and she had run all the way from her back door to the roof of Europe.
Competing in the World Long Distance Mountain Running Championships in the Slovenian Alps, Conway was sixth at halfway.
With three miles to go she had moved into third. With less than two to go, she overtook Olympic medallist Antonella Confortola to seize the lead.
Conway won in four hours 29 minutes, a record time for a looped course which features 2,800m of climbing - twice the height of Ben Nevis - along its 26-mile length.
The way Conway tells it, the transition from Parkruns to world champion was just a hobby getting happily out of hand.
"Terry and I had been running for a month or two and decided to do a 10km together - my first ever race," she says. "I ended up finishing third and thought 'maybe I could do this'.
"In 2012 I moved from near Reading to Kendal in the Lake District and started running more regularly near where I lived.
"Initially it was just a few paths and small hills and then I started to go up on to the fells.
"The endorphin rush I got from running made me want to get more.
"It just progressed to running every day and racing more. There were some races abroad - Andorra and the Alps - and in 2015 I went for Great Britain selection and ended up going to the European Championships in Madeira."
Conway's late-20s conversion to the sport would not have been necessary had she not run into the wrong teacher at school.
"When I was about 12, I got tired of always being last in the sprints and field events during athletics and tried cross-country," she says.
"I won races and just seemed to have a lot more stamina. Unfortunately I didn't like the teacher who taught it - he was just a bit weird, a bit of a sergeant major - so I didn't want to do it and concentrated on dance."
If there was some physical ability to be reclaimed from the PE department's lost property, Conway has also taught herself to control the most important muscle in an athlete's body.
It is her work as a psychological therapist, as much as her training in the Lake District, that comes in useful as the pain barrier looms.
"It helps me to stay positive, calm and focused when I get tired and the negative thoughts come in," she says.
"When I am thinking about how far I have to go and how much it hurts, sometimes you think, 'can I be bothered to push myself like this?'
"But then you remember what you have put into it and previous achievements. You have to embrace the pain rather than fight it."
Find out about how to get into running with our special guide.
And if that doesn't work as a motivational tool, there are Billy and Memphis.
Conway's pet dogs - a Collie and a Collie-Spaniel-cross - demand three outings a day, whatever the weather.
They are the only competition that Conway likes to bother herself with.
She didn't look up her rivals before winning her world title and doesn't plan to before her defence in Premana, Italy on 6 August.
"I would rather concentrate on my own race, otherwise I get a bit nervous. That is what I did last year and it worked pretty well," she reasons, with some justification.
Conway, a member of the Ambleside fell running club, is far from alone among British long-distance runners who have made it to the top.
In winning her world title, she was following in the footsteps of 2011 world champion Philippa Maddams, from up the road in Keswick.
European champion Emily Collinge, though based in Italy, is British by birth.
Scotland's Angela Mudge is a bona fide legend of the scene, a serial winner across continents and through different altitudes.
And, for Conway, there is husband Terry as well.
He came home ahead of his wife in that first 10k race - "but only by a couple of minutes," Annie stresses.
His particular poison is not found on the pumps or optics any longer.
He is now an ultra-distance devotee, taking part in monster 100-mile races while Annie focuses on the relatively shorter and steeper events.
Neither are likely to be out of breath in a circuits class any time soon.

Former leader Ed Miliband said the referendum result was "in question" and urged Labour supporters not to use it as a protest vote against the Tories.
The party's top brass is warning Labour voters would be hit hardest by Brexit.
But backbenchers John Mann and Dennis Skinner have both rejected the official position and joined the Out campaign.
Mr Mann said Labour voters disagreed with the party leadership on the EU issue and a "people's revolution is underway".
Labour's deputy Tom Watson and other senior party figures presented figures from the Institute for Fiscal Studies, which he said showed Â£18bn of spending cuts and tax rises would be in the pipeline in the event of the UK leaving the EU.
The figure - dismissed as "fanciful" and "ridiculous" by Vote Leave - is based on Labour's claim that a post-Brexit Conservative government would "look to announce further austerity if they are to balance the books by the end of the Parliament" - due to their predicted "hit to the UK economy" of a Leave vote.
How trade and the UK's economy are affected by membership of the EU.
Mr Watson said Labour was "clear that Britain is better off in Europe" and said that a "Tory Brexit budget" would "hit working people hard" while Ms Cooper said the Leave campaign was "being led by the hard right of the Tory party" who had "never been friends to public services or low-paid workers".
There have been reports suggesting that many Labour voters do not realise the party is in favour of remaining in the EU.
BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg said several senior figures had told her they were genuinely worried that many Labour voters would vote to leave the EU.
Mr Watson said the "Labour Party is about as united as it possibly can be in asking people to Remain" but added: "The one thing that does concern me is that the polls seem to say that about 40% of Labour supporters don't yet know our position ... There are two weeks to go, we need to get that message out, we need to redouble our efforts."
Tap here to enter your postcode.
And Shadow Business Secretary Angela Eagle urged Labour voters not to use the 23 June referendum to give the Remain-supporting Conservative government a "bloody nose".
"I have fought the Tories all my life but this not a referendum on the government. It is about the future of our country and the Labour Party believes passionately that our future lies in Europe."
In further efforts to win over Labour voters to the Remain cause, former leader Ed Miliband claims that senior Leave campaigners want to abolish measures protecting workers' rights.
Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme ahead of his speech, Mr Miliband said "the referendum is in question and that's why the Labour message has got to be heard" - amid a focus on "blue-on-blue" Conservative in-fighting.
He added: "We haven't done enough yet, we've got to do more. But people know where Labour stands."
It follows comments by shadow home secretary Mr Burnham, who told BBC Two's Newsnight: "We have definitely been far too much Hampstead and not enough Hull in recent times and we need to change that. Here we are two weeks away from the very real prospect that Britain will vote for isolation."
But Mr Mann, MP for Bassetlaw, in Nottinghamshire, told the BBC on Friday: "It's not that Labour's not getting its message across, it's that Labour voters are fundamentally disagreeing."
And former Labour minister Frank Field, who is also campaigning for a Leave vote, warned that the party risked losing votes to UKIP with its Remain stance. He said the party should be encouraging supporters to vote "as they believe is in the best interests of our country" instead.
"In trying to scare Labour voters to back Remain, our leadership is on course to lose another one million votes to UKIP, just as we did in 2015," said Mr Field.
On the claims that Â£18bn of cuts would follow a "Brexit" vote, a  Vote Leave spokesman said: "As support drains away from the Remain campaign, they are getting ever more desperate and hysterical with their fanciful Leave predictions."

The Royal United Services Institute (Rusi) said it was inevitable the UK's defence spending would drop below the Nato target of 2% of GDP.
Its report says the combined strength of the Army, Navy and RAF could fall from 145,000 to 115,000 by 2020.
David Cameron said further reductions in forces were not necessary.
Neither the Conservatives nor Labour have committed to the Nato target.
Britain currently just meets the 2% target, but the current government is committed only to continuing that until the end of this Parliament.
Rusi's findings are likely to increase the pressure on the prime minister from Conservative MPs who want a manifesto commitment to maintain the Nato target.
However, the report explains that, with GDP projected to grow over the next five years, it means defence spending would also need to increase significantly in order to keep pace with the 2% threshold.
"In the context of wider austerity in public spending, such an increase is not plausible," the paper states.
"The government is not yet convinced that strategic security risks are high enough to justify an exemption for defence from austerity."
Under the "optimistic scenario" whereby defence spending was ringfenced alongside health and schools, the paper said there would still have to be cutbacks of around 15,000 across the three services.
Under the report's "most pessimistic, but still plausible, scenario", up to 30,000 jobs could be axed.
This would be on top of the thousands of jobs that have already been axed since a restructuring of the armed forces began in 2010.
Report author Malcolm Chalmers said: "Over the last five years personnel have taken most of the savings of the defence budget, and looking forward the equipment budget has got so many demands on it, not least from the programme to replace the submarines that carry our nuclear deterrent but also in relation to the aircraft carrier."
He told BBC Radio 4's the World at One programme that a 2% commitment was unrealistic because it would involve giving defence a higher budget priority than the NHS and education.
Mr Chalmers added that at the last Nato summit in September there was a "disconnect" between what Mr Cameron was saying would be spent on defence and what the Treasury was saying in any of its documents.
He said: "I think there will be a significant reputational cost for the UK, if and when it falls below the 2%.
"There's no point in hiding that fact and that cost will be particularly with the United States.
"Even if we protect the defence budget and fall below 2% there will still be a reputational cost and a difficult conversation to be had between the prime minister and the president."
Source: Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI)
David Cameron said: "The equipment budget in defence over the next 10 years, will grow in real terms under a Conservative government making sure that vital equipment we have ordered - the aircraft carriers, the frigates, the destroyers, the hunter killer submarines, that all of that can be delivered.
"And we have also said that we do not have to see further reductions in the regular forces.
"But again I would say you can't have strong defence without a strong economy."
Conservative MP and former defence minister Sir Gerald Howarth said the government needed to get its priorities straight.
He said: "I think that there is a growing campaign not just for 2%, but for 2% to be the minimum.
"Given the resurgent Russia, which has increased its defence expenditure by 50% in the last five years - this is a dangerous world, this is not a time to be cutting our defences in any case."
"If you ask me where I would say you make the savings - you make it in overseas aid," he said.
The Ministry of Defence said the full-time strength of the Armed Forces stood at 145,690 at the start of this year.
In January 2010, before the restructure, the equivalent figure was 176,600.

Media playback is not supported on this device
The 42-year-old, who passed the mark of Cape Horn on Christmas Day after 48 days at sea, is behind Armel Le Cleac'h but has reduced the deficit to 77 miles with under 3,000 miles remaining.
Welshman Thomson is aiming to become the first Briton to win the race.
Thomson had led for the majority of the race but was overtaken by Le Cleac'h when he suffered a damaged foil.
The skippers have begun their journey north back across the Atlantic towards the finish port at Les Sables-d'Olonne. They are expected to finish in eight days and are both picking up pace after a weekend in the Doldrums.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Thomson regained the lead in the round-the-world race north of the Kerguelen Islands in the Indian Ocean on 30 November, but then lost ground.
He broke two race records prior to being overtaken, as he reached the Cape of Good Hope in record time.
The Vendee Globe takes place every four years.
Since the first race in 1989, only 71 of 138 starters have completed the voyage, which is known for being one of the most gruelling sporting challenges in the world.
Find out how to get into sailing with our special guide.

The number of non-EU migrants who come to the UK to study but remain five years later could be about half that ministers claim, say researchers.
The "current self-destructive policy is deterring genuine international students", says the Institute for Public Policy Research.
Ministers say it is crucial to crack down on immigration abuse.
Ministers say official statistics suggest that each year about 91,000 non-EU students do not leave the UK at the end of their studies.
This figure is an extrapolation of data from the International Passenger Survey (IPS) carried out annually by the Home Office on a sample of travellers at UK ports, says the IPPR.
Arrivals who plan to stay more than a year are asked their main reason for coming to the UK - and people who leave after more than a year are asked what they were doing while they were in the UK.
For students, the difference between the two figures is about 90,000 - so reducing this figure would help the government in its objective of cutting overall net migration.
But this approach is based on "dubious evidence", says the report.
Other ways of counting international students put the figure at less than half that suggested by the passenger survey, say the researchers:
"The large discrepancy between the other sources' figures and that of the IPS suggest that the latter's 90,000 figure is not reliable enough to be used as a guide for policy," says the report.
"While it is certainly right to root out abuse and tackle bogus colleges where there is robust evidence of wrongdoing, these rules have adversely affected genuine students and institutions, and have undermined the UK's reputation as a desirable destination for international students," it adds.
"Our research suggests that many of the students they are targeting may be phantom students who are no longer in the country," said report author Marley Morris.
The report urges the government to:
Seamus Nevin, head of employment and skills policy at the Institute of Directors, agreed it was time for the government to re-evaluate its approach to international students.
"Restrictive student and post-study visa rules undermine the UK's claim to be an open, outward facing, trading nation," he said.
"Most students who come to the UK to study are not permanent migrants."
And the umbrella group Universities UK urged the government to view international students as "valuable temporary visitors".
A Home Office spokesman said: "We continue to welcome the brightest and best to our world-class institutions. We are also committed to bringing net migration down to sustainable levels as soon as possible and are looking at all visa routes as part of that work."

His own #ThisFlag Twitter campaign feed and the state-run Herald paper tweeted that Evan Mawarire was also being charged with disturbing the peace.
Activists organised a "stay-at-home" protest last Wednesday and planned similar shutdowns this week.
It has mostly been organised on social media and WhatsApp using #ThisFlag.
Zimbabwe's economic crisis has worsened recently, leading to a chronic cash shortage and delays paying civil servants.
Pastor Mawarire was summoned for questioning by police ahead of a two-day "stay-at-home" protest called for Wednesday and Thursday.
Several hours after he reported to the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) on Tuesday morning, the #ThisFlag Twitter account posted: "Pastor Evan Mawarire is being charged with section 36 for inciting public violence and disturbing peace."
It included a video in which the preacher says: "You are watching this video because I have either been arrested or have been abducted. It's a video we had pre-recorded for a day like this one."
He ends his message saying that he hopes the shutdowns have been successful.
"Hold this government to account. Never let them get away with anything," he says.
"Remember this flag is our flag, no-one else loves Zimbabwe more than a Zimbabwean."
According to Zimbabwe's private Newsday newspaper, the pastor turned up at the central police station in the capital, Harare, with a bible and a Zimbabwean flag but without his mobile phone, which is what sources at the station say the CID wants access to.
The authorities have been trying to trace who has been sending out messages about the national shutdown, as several activist groups have been involved.
Last Wednesday's stay away led to a complete shutdown of schools, businesses and shops across the country.
It was the biggest strike action since 2005 and public transport and some government departments, including the courts, also ceased to function.
Last week, taxi drivers complaining about police extortion also clashed with the security forces in parts of Harare.
Civil servants who had not received their June salaries were paid in the wake of the strike.
These have to be paid in foreign currency as Zimbabwe abandoned its own currency in 2009 in order to stem runaway inflation.
There is also anger at a government ban on importing many goods which has been implemented in order to save scarce foreign currency.
But with unemployment at more than 90%, many Zimbabweans rely on cross-border trading to make a living.

15 July 2016 Last updated at 17:48 BST
Most of the high-profile work on self-driving cars has come out of the United States, where Google and Tesla have been testing their technology.
Oxford-based Oxbotica took the BBC's Rory Cellan-Jones for a drive and told him that the technology would be tested in a public trial in London this year.

The Cherry and Whites announced in November that Fearns, 28, would move to Kingsholm on a three-year deal after the conclusion of the 2016-17 season.
But Lyon offered him "significantly increased personal terms".
Gloucester CEO Steven Vaughan said the club had initially sought legal advice but have now received compensation.
Vaughan said: "Naturally the club took the best legal advice on the situation, but as soon as it became apparent the player wanted to remain in France, efforts immediately turned to getting the best possible deal for the club to allow us to move on in a stronger position.
"I am very happy at the outcome and we have agreed significant compensation that will all be used on strengthening the playing group further."
Englishman Fearns joined Lyon in 2015 and was named player of the season as he helped them win promotion to France's top flight in his first season, while he made 22 appearances this term.

Aykroyd is listed as an executive producer on the movie, which features a female-led cast including Melissa McCarthy and Kristen Wiig.
He commended the "brilliant, genuine performances from the cast both female and male".
The actor made the comments after seeing a test screening of Paul Feig's new film.
"It has more laughs and more scares than the first two films, plus Bill Murray is in it!" Aykroyd wrote on Facebook.
The first trailer became the most disliked movie trailer in YouTube history when it was released in March.
A second trailer was released last week on social media, which was more warmly received.
Referring to the character he played in the 1984 original, Aykroyd said: "As one of millions of man-fans and Ray Stantz, I'm paying to see that and bringing all my friends."
Almost all surviving members of the original Ghostbusters cast are set to make appearances in the reboot, including Aykroyd.
Rick Moranis declined an offer to be in the film.
Murray, Aykroyd, Harold Ramis and Ernie Hudson played the original ghost-busting quartet.
Directed by Ivan Reitman, the film made almost $300m (Â£198m) at the global box office. A sequel, Ghostbusters II, followed five years later.
McCarthy and Wiig are joined by Saturday Night Live comediennes Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon in the reboot.
Ghostbusters is released in the US on 15 July, and will be screened in the UK soon after.

The Foreign Affairs Committee - which has a Conservative majority - said the prime minister should instead focus on efforts to end Syria's civil war.
It also raised concerns about the legal basis for any UK action.
Downing Street has strongly denied reports Mr Cameron has abandoned plans for a vote altogether.
Chancellor George Osborne told the BBC the government's position had not changed and there was still an intention to ask MPs for authorisation for military action.
But Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said there had to be a political solution and he did not believe that "more bombing is going to help in this".
The Times and the Guardian claimed the prime minister has decided against a second vote on the issue because he lacks MPs' support.
A Downing Street source told the BBC the reports were "complete nonsense".
The committee of MPs said no vote should take place on Syria until the government presents a "coherent international strategy" to defeat Islamic State (IS) and end the country's civil war.
It said it was "not yet persuaded" ministers could address its concerns.
A vote on extending RAF air strikes into Syria had widely been expected to take place in the autumn, although the prime minister had stressed he would only do so when he was sure of a "consensus" among MPs.
About 20-30 Conservative MPs were expected to rebel against their party in the event of a vote.
Mr Cameron was defeated in a 2013 vote on possible UK military action against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government by 285-272.
Following that vote, he said he would respect the decision, and ruled out joining US-led strikes - although it later emerged that UK pilots embedded with coalition forces had conducted air strikes against IS over Syria.
BBC political correspondent Ross Hawkins said it was widely acknowledged that Russia's bombing campaign in Syria and deep splits within Labour made any swift attempt to seek the consent of MPs for air strikes unlikely.
Russia began those attacks in September, with President Vladimir Putin saying the aim was to "stabilise the legitimate authority" of President Assad.
A Downing Street source said: "The prime minister's position hasn't changed. He's consistently said that we would only go back to the House on this issue if there was clear consensus and that remains the case."
The government is "working closely with our allies to inject greater momentum into efforts to find a political solution", the source added.
However, some Conservatives told the BBC they were concerned by the newspaper reports.
One senior party figure said if the prime minister had decided not to seek military action, then ministers should come to the House of Commons to explain their position.
Mr Osborne said the government would not return to the Commons for authorisation "unless we would be clear we would win that vote, and there would be consensus for that action".
He added: "And at the moment it's not clear there is a majority for it, so as I say we continue to make that argument and when the time comes we'll put the vote to the people in the House of Commons."
Meanwhile, the Foreign Affairs Committee warned that any benefits of air strikes in Syria would be more than outweighed by the risks of "legal ambiguity, political chaos on the ground, military irrelevance, and diplomatic costs".
It said:
The committee said there was a "powerful sense that something must be done" given the "humanitarian and security catastrophe" in Syria, and agreed that defeating IS, also known as Isil, was a "necessary goal" for the UK.
It added: "However, we believe that there should be no extension of British military action into Syria unless there is a coherent international strategy that has a realistic chance of defeating Isil and of ending the civil war in Syria.
"In the absence of such a strategy, taking action to meet the desire to do something is still incoherent."
The committee outlined a series of points that should be explained before the government asks MPs to back its case.
These include how the action would improve the chances of success against IS, how it would contribute to a transition plan for Syria, and whether the UK has the backing of "key regional players" Turkey, Iran, Saudi Arabia and Iraq.
The MPs also want to know which ground forces would take control of land captured from IS.
They said the government was attempting to treat IS and the broader Syrian civil war as separate issues, saying they were "not persuaded" by such an approach.
Committee chairman Crispin Blunt said: "By becoming a full combatant in the US-led campaign at this stage, the UK risks needlessly compromising its independent diplomatic ability to support an international political solution to the crisis."
Labour leader Mr Corbyn is opposed to military intervention, although not all of his MPs share this stance.
On Monday night, shadow foreign minister Catherine West said Labour would consult the Stop the War Coalition ahead of any vote, BBC political correspondent Ross Hawkins reported.
Stop the War is opposed to any military action and believes the United States is to blame for the lack of a ceasefire in Syria.
Mr Corbyn stepped down as the coalition's chairman after becoming Labour leader but continues to support its work.
Ms West later said her comments, at a Stop the War event at Westminster, had been addressed to a group of Syrian refugees at the meeting, but a Labour spokesman confirmed the party would "listen to representations from the Stop the War Coalition, as it would from other external bodies, before coming to any decision".
Shadow foreign secretary Hilary Benn has not ruled out supporting air strikes and Labour MPs could have been offered a free vote, meaning they would not have been bound by the party line.
But Mr Benn told Sky News there wasn't a government "proposition" on the table at the moment, claiming it had taken its "eye of the ball" and focused on military action at the expense of "comprehensive" efforts to build diplomatic support in the region and deal with the refugee fallout.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said defeating IS and ending the Syrian war were "two faces of the same problem that Britain is working tirelessly with our international partners to overcome".
He added: "Britain remains committed to using every tool available to save lives and create the conditions for peace in Iraq and Syria."

They warned that Hurricane Otto may have winds of 90 mph (145km/h) when it makes landfall early on Thursday.
At least four people have already died in Panama in severe weather caused by the approach of the storm.
The hurricane is moving west at 2 mph (4km/h) after being almost stationary throughout Tuesday, experts say.
The US National Hurricane Center says Otto is now blowing at about 75 mph (120km/h) as it approaches northern Costa Rica and southern Nicaragua.
The storm is now centred east of Limon, Costa Rica. When it makes landfall early on Thursday its heavy rain is expected to create numerous mudslides.  It is then expected to cross over into the Pacific,
"A storm of Otto's expected strength has never made landfall so far south in the Caribbean, and there is no record of any hurricane striking Costa Rica," the Washington Post quoted weather expert Bob Henson as saying.
The paper says that very few hurricanes have formed so late in the season - which ends on 30 November - and that across the Atlantic since 1851 only 35 storms have reached tropical storm intensity on or after 15 November.
Earlier in Panama two people died in a mudslide; a girl drowned in a river and a boy died when a tree fell on a car taking him to school. His mother, who was driving, survived.
About 50 homes were destroyed by mudslides, officials said, and flights were delayed.
The governments of Nicaragua and Costa Rica have issued a hurricane watch from Costa Rica's southern border to the city of Bluefields in Nicaragua.
There is also a likelihood of dangerous surf and rip current conditions over the next few days along the coasts of Panama, Costa Rica and Nicaragua, officials say.

He was among a team of 24 firefighters that were called to the building in Auchmead Road, Greenock, at 00:18.
The firefighter was injured after an external wall collapsed. He is being treated at Inverclyde Royal Hospital.
An investigation is under way into the incident and the cause of the fire is being treated as suspicious.
A spokesman for the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said: "The fire had broken through the roof of the property and 24 firefighters were engaged in fighting the fire.
"During this operation one of our firefighters was injured following the collapse of an external wall. He was taken to Inverclyde Royal Hospital where he remains in a serious condition."
The spokesman said the fire service was "offering full support to the firefighter, his family and his colleagues" at what he described as a "very difficult time".
He added: "We are conducting a detailed internal investigation.
"The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service is also working with Police Scotland to determine the cause of the fire which is currently being treated as suspicious."
Police Scotland said no members of the public were hurt in the incident, and urged anyone with any information about the fire to contact them.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson said: "Our thoughts are with the firefighter, his family and colleagues at this difficult time.
"The dedication and courage of firefighters reminds us of the debt of gratitude we all owe the brave men and women who serve in our emergency services.
"They do an extremely difficult and challenging job, often putting themselves at risk to keep the people of Scotland safe from harm. They do an outstanding job and provide a great service for our communities."

The Minister for Development Co-operation, Ulla Tornaes, said Copenhagen would contribute 91m kroner (Â£11m; $14m) for the programme.
She said unwanted pregnancies had "enormous" human and social costs in the world's poorest nations.
But she added that limiting Africa's population growth was also important.
Speaking at a conference in London on Tuesday, Ms Tornaes said 225 million women in the world's poorest countries do not currently have access to family planning.
"Unwanted pregnancies have enormous human costs in developing countries - from very young women who must give up their basic education, maternal mortality."
The minister said this "also has large social costs, where many countries' development step is limited by high population growth".
She then referred specifically to Africa, saying that curtailing the continent's population growth by increasing access to contraception and family planning was an important foreign and security policy priority for the Danish government.
"If the population growth in Africa continues as now, the African population will double from 1.2 billion people to 2.5 billion people by 2050," Ms Tornaes said.
"Part of the solution to reducing migratory pressures on Europe is to reduce the very high population growth in many African countries."
Denmark, like a number of other EU nations, has in recent years been under pressure to deal with a rising number of asylum seekers and immigrants arriving in Europe.
However, asylum applications dropped dramatically in the country in 2016, compared with 2015.
The government said October that 5,500 applications were received until 30 October, compared with 21,000 in 2015.
In January 2016, the Danish parliament backed a controversial proposal to confiscate asylum seekers' valuables to pay for their upkeep - a move criticised by the UN.

The inquiry, which began its work in 2009, has said its final report will not be published before May's election.
In a Commons debate, former Attorney General Dominic Grieve said the delays were "very regrettable" as MPs of all parties criticised the process.
Sir John Chilcot, the former civil servant who heads the inquiry, is to be questioned by MPs next week.
Between 2003 and 2009, when foreign troops left Iraq, 179 UK military personnel lost their lives while thousands of Iraqi civilians are believed to have died over the period.
Opening the debate, which was organised by the Commons Backbench Committee, former shadow home secretary David Davis said the invasion had done "untold damage to the reputation of the West" and "destroyed the integrity of the Iraqi state and triggered a persistent civil war" in the country.
He said lessons from the conflict would have been beneficial in subsequent "major foreign policy decisions" relating to Libya, Syria and again in Iraq.
Mr Grieve said the drawn-out process would lead to a public "unease", adding that he believed Sir John was "trying to produce an extremely thorough report".
Labour MP Jack Straw, who was foreign secretary at the time of the invasion, said criticism of the delays could prompt inquiry members to change their conclusions.
As the months go past, he said, "wholly unfounded suspicions fall on the inquiry about a whitewash.
"And in equal and opposite concern that they may feel obliged to respond to these pressures by conclusions more starkly drawn than the evidence would allow."
Lib Dem former minister Norman Baker said delaying the report until after the election was "an insult to the British people".
Replying for the government, Cabinet Office Minister Rob Wilson said it would be "very helpful" for Sir John to indicate when the report might be completed.
At the end of the debate, MPs agreed to a motion asking the inquiry to set out a timetable for publication and an explanation of the causes of the delay by 12 February 2015.
The Scottish Parliament also held a debate on the Iraq Inquiry on the same day. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said the failure to publish the report before the election was "scandalous", saying it was "time for the truth" on the events leading up to the 2003 invasion.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is frustrated at the length of time the inquiry is taking to publish its conclusions but that it is independent of government and it would be wrong of him to intervene.
Sir John recently said there was "no realistic prospect" of the report, likely to be more than a million words long, being released before the general election on 7 May.
Appearing before a parliamentary committee on Tuesday, the UK's top civil servant, Sir Jeremy Heywood, urged MPs not to try to subpoena the report or try to compel the inquiry to publish some of its findings before 7 May.
He said he understood public anxiety but it would be wrong to "rush" its publication at such a crucial juncture.
While agreeing to appear at the Foreign Affairs Committee on 4 February, Sir John has said he will not disclose anything about the substance of the inquiry's work, anticipate the eventual date of publication or comment on the current process in which those provisionally criticised in the report are being contacted to give them a right to respond.
In a statement, the inquiry said "it had worked in strict confidence in the course of drafting its report" and reiterated the longstanding position "that it would not give a running commentary on its work".

The Met Police said the incident happened at a residential address in Tilson Gardens in south Brixton.
At 09:45 BST, unarmed police and a housing officer tried to enter the property to evict the man. Police then withdrew and armed officers and a negotiator were called to the scene.
The man was shot at 16:46 outside the premises, the Met said.
Neighbour Jay Elwes said on Twitter that he had heard "what sounded like shots" and about 15 minutes later a person was "brought out".
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) said the 36-year-old man was in a critical condition at King's College Hospital.
It said that during the incident "shots were fired, injuring the man".
The IPCC said it was in the process of identifying and contacting the man's family.

The annual congressional baseball game in Washington was hailed as a rare and welcome moment of unity among lawmakers of both major parties.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise remains in a critical condition, but improving, after the shooting.
There were huge cheers when his name was heard around the stadium.
"Not here, but in our thoughts and prayers, Steve Scalise," said the announcer before the game, which was won by the Democrats by 11 runs to 2, moving them ahead with 40 wins to 39 in the historic series.
However, Democratic Senator Chris Murphy said that his team gave the trophy to the Republicans to put in Mr Scalise's office.
One of the Capitol Police officers, David Bailey, who was hailed as a hero for the way he helped to subdue the gunman, appeared on crutches.
To loud applause he threw the first pitch, which is a longstanding baseball ritual that usually falls to a dignitary or celebrity.
President Donald Trump did not attend but sent a video message of support.
The game, held at Nationals Park, has been a congressional tradition for more than a century.
Both Republicans and Democrats have pointed to the attack as a reason to ease heated political rhetoric.
This isn't just a baseball game. It is a rare and genuine opportunity for Democrats and Republicans to put their divisions aside and show those gathered in the stadium and watching across the US, that they are not just politicians - they are people and players.
One woman who bought her ticket after yesterday's shooting told me she wanted just one feel-good moment after everything that has happened. Another group of Republican interns described the game as the only thing in Washington that really works.
The crowds are holding banners and team colours. Many are tributes and prayers for Congressman Steve Scalise.
There may be fierce rivalry out on the pitch, but there are also a number of players who have become fierce friends.
The suspected gunman, James T Hodgkinson, died from his injuries hours after Wednesday's shooting.
The 66-year-old suspect from Belleville, Illinois, was a volunteer for Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign but whether he was politically motivated is still unclear, investigators said.

The 56-year-old will work with fellow coaches Joe Jordan and Kevin Bond in assisting manager Harry Redknapp.
"I have always loved coaching, and I can't wait to meet the players and get to work," said Hoddle.
The ex-Swindon, Chelsea, Tottenham and Southampton boss, who coached England between 1996 and 1999, last managed at Wolves, who he left in July 2006.
Redknapp said: "Glenn will be great. He has a brilliant knowledge of the game and will be fantastic out on the training ground with the players."
Hoddle spent 13 years as a player at Tottenham before joining Monaco in 1987, returning to England in 1991 as player-manager of Swindon and then taking up the same role at Chelsea two years later.
He took charge of England in 1996, leading them to the last 16 of the World Cup two years later, but was sacked in February 1999 over comments he made in a newspaper interview.
The former midfielder subsequently managed Southampton, Tottenham and Wolves before setting up a football academy based in Spain focused on keeping released players in football.
Hoddle will be the second former England manager to serve under Redknapp on QPR's coaching staff, as Steve McClaren filled a similar role from July to September last year before leaving to take charge of Derby County.
Redknapp led Rangers to promotion from the Championship via the play-offs in May, a year after they were relegated under him.

The shares touched $1,001.20 at one point in early trade before slipping back to $998. It originally listed its shares in May 1997 for just $18 each.
Amazon now has a market capitalisation of about $478bn, which is more than twice that of Wal-Mart.
After starting as a bookseller, it has steadily expanded to become much broader-based retailer.
According to consultancy Slice Intelligence. Amazon now accounts for about 43% of all online sales in the US.
Amazon is now the fourth-largest US company by market capitalisation, behind Apple, Google owner Alphabet and Microsoft.
Alphabet's class A shares were also close to hitting four figures on Tuesday, trading at $995, meaning the company is worth $681bn.
Despite the rise in Amazon's share price, the Nasdaq index - of which Amazon is a member - was down 4.03 points at 6,206.17.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 30.36 points to 21,049.92 while the wider S&P 500 index slid 2.30 points to 2,413.52 as investors picked their way through a raft of US economic data.
Figures from the Commerce Department showed that consumer spending posted its biggest rise for four months in April, climbing 0.4%. That followed an upwardly revised 0.3% increase in March.
Separate data showed the personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index rose by 0.2% in April, following a 0.2% fall in March. Prices in April were up 1.7% from a year earlier, although that was down from March's figure of 1.9%.
The so-called core PCE price index - which strips out food and energy prices, and is the Federal Reserve's favoured inflation measure - showed a 1.5% annual rise, compared with a 1.6% increase in March.
The Fed targets a rate of 2% for the core PCE index. Many analysts expect that the US central bank will raise interest rates when it meets next month.

Prof Noel Sharkey said that society as a whole needed to consider the impact of all types of sex robots.
His Foundation for Responsible Robotics has conducted a consultation on the issue.
Only a handful of companies were currently making sex robots, said Prof Sharkey.
But, he added, the upcoming robot revolution could change that.
The report, Our Sexual Future With Robots, was written to focus attention on an issue barely discussed at the moment, he said.
The report acknowledged that finding out how many people actually owned such robots was difficult because the companies that made them did not release the numbers.
But, said Prof Sharkey, it was time society woke up to a possible future where humans and robots had sex.
"We do need policymakers to look at it and the general public to decide what is acceptable and permissible," he said.
"We need to think as a society what we want to do about it. I don't know the answers - I am just asking the questions."
Companies making sex robots include Android Love Doll, Sex Bot and True Companion. Most have previously made realistic, silicone-skinned sex dolls and are now considering or starting to ship dolls that can move and speak.
The most advanced of these is San Diego-based Abyss Creations, which ships a product known as Real Doll and is due to release a sex doll with artificial intelligence later this year. Called Harmony, the robot moves its head and eyes and speaks via a tablet-enabled app.
The company has already released the app, which allows users to program moods and voices for an existing doll.
The report considers a few options for how such robots could be employed as:
The last of these was the most problematic, said Prof Sharkey.
Sex dolls that resemble children do exist, and a court in Canada is currently determining whether owning one is illegal.
Newfoundland resident Kenneth Harrison ordered a doll from a Japanese business called Harumi Designs.
The company is on a Canadian watch-list, and the doll was intercepted at the airport. Mr Harrison was charged with possessing child pornography but has pleaded not guilty.
In Asia, there are already brothels that use adult sex dolls. And there are reports that a doll-maker operated one in Barcelona, although this has not been verified.
Dr Kathleen Richardson, a robot ethicist at De Montfort University, agreed with the report authors that child sex robots should be banned but stopped short of calling for a ban on all such sex dolls.
"The real problem here is not the dolls but the commercial sex trade. Sex robots are just another type of pornography," she said.
She believes such robots would inevitably "increase social isolation".
She also criticises the report for what she said is a failure to address the issue of gender.
"Why does the report have a picture of a male robot on the cover when we know that the doll market - which is driving this - is mainly female dolls?
"It is perpetrating the idea that this is gender-neutral, but the truth is that there are not many women buying such dolls, it is largely driven by men and male ideas of sexuality."
Prof Sharkey said that there was currently a mismatch between what those selling such dolls wanted their customers to believe about the dolls and the reality of what they offered.
"The manufacturers of sex robots want to create an experience as close to a human sexual encounter as possible," he said.
"But robots cannot feel love, tenderness or form emotional bonds. The best that robots can do is to fake it."
Sex robots are a relatively new phenomenon and an obvious next stage for sex dolls, which have become increasingly sophisticated in recent years. Most have silicone skin, articulated metal skeletons and realistic features such as hair and eyes.
In the main, these dolls are designed in female form, although Sinthetics has had some commercial success with its male sex dolls.
But Prof Sharkey has doubts about how human-like such dolls will become.
"I can't see them as being like humans in the next 50 years. They will always be slightly spooky, and their conversation skills now are awful," he said.
Dr Richardson also questioned whether such robots would become mainstream or even be possible technologically.
"The report assumes that you can create a functioning robot that can respond to humans, but in fact it is incredibly complex," she said

The baby is believed to have suffocated at a holiday house in Saint-Pee-sur-Nivelle near the Spanish border, the BBC's Hugh Schofield said.
The family involved were believed to be a British couple and their two sons, aged five months and three, he said.
The father got up early on Saturday and returned to the bedroom later to find the baby dead, prosecutors told AFP.
According to French media reports, an autopsy is due to be carried out in the next few days at Bordeaux.
A spokeswoman for the UK Foreign Office said: "We are in contact with local authorities following the arrest of a British national in the south of France."

The process to replace Kathryn Stone has been plagued with problems.
Alex Bunting, who lost a leg in an IRA bomb attack, said he would only believe the long wait for an appointment was over "when they announce it on television".
"We do need someone asap, because if we don't get them as soon as possible its going to get worse for victims," he told BBC NI's The View.
"They've told us about three times over this past year they were going to get someone appointed very soon and we're still waiting.
"I know the process is finished in this round. This is the second round of interviews for a commissioner. I have to say the say I'll believe it is the day they announce it on television."
In January, First Minister Peter Robinson told the assembly the first round had failed to produce a winner and there had been "a disappointingly small pool of appointable candidates".
However, it is understood two people were judged to be appointable, but not appropriate for the role.
Mr Robinson said the salary for the post may have to be increased. It was re-advertised more widely and a second round of interviews was conducted in May.
A spokesperson for the Office of the First and Deputy First Minister said the process was at "an advanced stage" and they hoped to make an announcement shortly.
The hiatus has caused a problem for the Victims Forum. Several members have left without being replaced because that can only be done by a commissioner.
The secretary to the Victims Commission, John Beggs, has been carrying out the role on an interim basis but said the situation had been "extremely difficult."
"We have been able to get on with our research on victims issues," he said.
"We've been able to get on with our engagement with individuals and groups, [but] to bring that to a culmination we really need a commissioner to consider that advice and take it directly to ministers; to take it directly to government and to make sure it is acted upon and that is the missing part of the equation as it stands.
"I can't give opinion and commentary as a victims commissioner could under their legal authority, so in many ways a lot of the work we are doing goes unseen and unheard in the media and in the sector and that is very frustrating for us in the commission, particularly at a time when there are so many victims issue in the press and in the media."
The failure to appoint has been criticised by two former victims commissioners, Ulster Unionist leader Mike Nesbitt and Patricia MacBride.
Mr Nesbitt said Stormont was in danger of losing all credibility because it could not make difficult decisions.
Ms MacBride said it was "appalling" that victims and survivors were being put in a position where they were having to "fight their own battles" to get the help they needed.

As French finance minister in 2008, she approved an award of €404m ($429m; £340m) to businessman Bernard Tapie for the disputed sale of a firm.
Ms Lagarde, who always denied wrongdoing, was not present in court, having left Paris for Washington DC.
The IMF board said it retained "full confidence" in her leadership.
She said she would not appeal against the ruling: "There's a point in time when one has to just stop, turn the page and move on and continue to work with those who have put their trust in me."
The French government also confirmed its confidence in Ms Lagarde, who was reappointed to a five-year term at the IMF in February.
On Friday, she told the trial she had always acted in good faith and the suspicion she had lived under for the past five years had been an "ordeal".
Cases at the Court of Justice of the Republic (CJR) may not be retried but can be appealed against on grounds of procedural errors.
Ms Lagarde's lawyer said his team would consider appealing, Reuters reported.
Ms Lagarde, 60, was tried on charges of "negligence by a person in position of public authority".
Accused of allowing the misuse of public funds, rather than actual corruption, she could potentially have been sentenced to a year in prison and a fine of €15,000, but escaped a sentence and emerges from the trial without a criminal record.
Explaining the verdict, which took many by surprise, Judge Martine Ract Madoux said: "The context of the global financial crisis in which Madame Lagarde found herself in should be taken into account."
She also cited Ms Lagarde's good reputation and international standing as reasons.
The CJR is composed mostly of politicians rather than judges, and handles allegations of crimes committed by cabinet ministers in office.
CJR trials are rare but in a similar judgment in 1999, it found another French politician, Edmond Herve, guilty of negligence over a contaminated blood case but did not punish him.
The earlier decision rested on a legal article (in French) which allows courts to deliver a guilty verdict but withhold actual punishment.
A lawyer for Ms Lagarde, Christopher Baker, told the Associated Press: "The result of this last five years is nothing, which leaves us in kind of a complicated and strange situation."
Ms Lagarde's case originates in the early 1990s, when Mr Tapie was a majority shareholder in sports goods company Adidas.
After launching a political career and becoming a cabinet minister in Francois Mitterrand's Socialist government in 1992, Mr Tapie had to sell the company.
In 1993, he sued Credit Lyonnais, a state-owned bank that handled the sale, alleging that the bank had defrauded him by deliberately undervaluing the firm.
By 2007, the long-running case was referred to binding arbitration by Ms Lagarde, who at that time was finance minister under conservative President Nicolas Sarkozy.
A three-member panel awarded the compensation a year later, causing a public outcry.
Last year, after eight more years of legal wrangling, a French court ruled that Mr Tapie had not been entitled to compensation and should repay the €404m.
In its verdict, the CJR said Ms Lagarde should have asked her aides and others for more information about the "shocking arbitration award" that included damages of €45m.
1993: Credit Lyonnais bank handles sale of Adidas to enable Mr Tapie to pursue ministerial career under then Socialist President Francois Mitterrand
1993-2007: Mr Tapie claims Credit Lyonnais undervalued Adidas and that he was cheated; lengthy court battle ensues
1994: Bernard Tapie's highly indebted group collapses and is wound up by Credit Lyonnais
2007: Mr Tapie supports conservative Nicolas Sarkozy in presidential election. Finance Minister Christine Lagarde intervenes in Tapie case to order binding arbitration
2008: Special judicial panel rules Mr Tapie should receive damages of €404m; Ms Lagarde decides not to challenge ruling
2011: Several months after Ms Lagarde is appointed head of the IMF, public prosecutor recommends investigation into her decision to order arbitration
2015: Appeals court orders Mr Tapie to pay back €404m with interest
2016: Ms Lagarde found guilty of negligence but spared prison sentence and criminal record

Police closed roads around the North and South Bays over the weekend because of high tides and waves on the road.
North Yorkshire Police tweeted: "Stay away from the sea! A wave caused damage to this vehicle and an injury to the 3 y/o child! Thanks to @YorksAmbulance & @RNLIScarborough".
The girl was treated in hospital for minor facial cuts.
Police were called to the incident in Marine Drive at 16:24 GMT.
Flood warnings were issued for Marine Drive, Royal Albert Drive and the Spa in Scarborough, and in Bridlington for the North Pier and Harbour, because of "overtopping and spray expected due to strong winds and large waves".

25 May 2016 Last updated at 01:02 BST
The proposals have sparked widespread strikes at oil refineries in France, sparking fuel shortages.
There has been a three-month tug-of-war between unions and the government over the labour reforms.
Opponents say they are too pro-business and will do little to reduce the 10% unemployment rate.
Jonty Bloom reports from Toulouse.

They were discovered off Brampton Lane near to the A508 in Chapel Brampton, near Northampton.
Police said the heads, possibly from fallow deer, were found in various stages of decomposition suggesting they had been dumped over the past two months.
They have warned restaurants and pubs not to purchase cheap venison that could have been illegally gained by poachers.
Owners have been told they should always be able to provide a paper trail to show where their venison was sourced, if they are offering it on menus.
Officers have appealed for anyone who may have seen suspicious activity in the area, or who has recently been offered cheap venison, to contact them.

The Warriors looked on course for victory heading into the third and final day as they needed 77 runs, with eight wickets left, to win the contest.
However, rain meant no play at Eglinton on Thursday with a halt finally called at 15:00 BST.
The Warriors were on 48-2 at the close on Wednesday, needing 125 for victory.
On Wednesday, the Warriors had moved on from 89-4 to post 167 in reply to the Knights' first-innings total of 130.
As Davy Scanlon produced figures of 5-29, the Knights were dismissed for 161 in their second innings.
Niall McDonnell and Andy McBrine both hit 30 in the North West's first innings while Robert McKinley top-scored in the Knights' second innings with an unbeaten 43 as Greg Thompson notched 37 with Shane Getkake contributing 35.
After their first-innings lead, the Warriors collect 11 points with the Knights taking 10 from the fixture.
The next fixture in the inter-pro series sees Leinster Lightning take on Northern Knights at Belmont on Sunday in a 50-over game.
Hanley Energy Irish Interprovincial - Day Three
Northern Knight (First innings) 130 (37.5 overs): J Shannon 71, C Young 5-37, S Thompson 3-32 and 161 (55 overs): R McKinley 43 no, G Thompson 37, S Getkake 35, D Scanlon 5-29
North West Warriors 167 (First innings) 167 (64.5 overs): N McDonnell 30, A McBrine 30, Nat Smith 4-34 and 48 for two after 15 overs
Game drawn after no play on day three

Sentenced to jail for many years, he was soon pardoned as the Venezuelan government did not consider either him or his movement much of a threat.
Yet his uncompromising attacks on political corruption and state incompetence struck a chord in the Venezuelan people and he won the 1998 presidential election.
His first term in office was marked by moderation in foreign policy and he was a frequent visitor to the US.
However, domestic policy was more radical, with a particular focus on social programmes.
These centred on "missions" dedicated to improving access to health, education, social security, food and land for the poorest sectors of society.
An alliance began to take shape with Cuba in order to fulfil these ambitions. His support among the poor soared.
Mr Chavez's success in introducing a new constitution in 2000 signalled longer term ambitions, as he could now run for office again with the option of re-election.
The prospect of "Chavismo" becoming permanently established in Venezuela created a backlash among those who had benefited from the old order.
A counter-revolution was soon under way and President Chavez was ousted from the presidential palace in April 2002.
The US did not plan the counter-revolution, but it almost certainly knew what was happening and did not warn the Venezuelan authorities.
Mr Chavez was restored to power in 48 hours by a military that at first appeared to have supported the coup and he immediately embarked on a vigorous campaign against his enemies at home and abroad.
Domestically, Mr Chavez's targets included the traditional political class with its strong ties to the US.
To counter their influence in the media, President Chavez promoted state television and pressured the judiciary to restrict the influence of privately-owned means of communication.
He also replaced technocrats in the state oil company (PDVSA) with loyal supporters.
Venezuela became increasingly politicised, with the debate focusing on the role of President Chavez himself.
To maintain political support, Mr Chavez expanded his social programmes using the income derived from high oil prices.
Minimum wages were increased sharply and many Venezuelans were lifted out of poverty.
Other social indicators, notably literacy, also improved and Mr Chavez and his political movement had little difficulty in defeating an opposition that was deeply divided and unable to adjust to the new Venezuelan realities.
In foreign affairs, President Chavez followed an aggressively anti-imperialist policy in which verbal attacks on the US became frequent.
He went out of his way to cultivate enemies of the US and deepened the relationship with Cuba.
Yet his most important goal was the building of an alliance among the countries of Latin America and the Caribbean that would fulfil the frustrated dream of his great hero, South American independence leader Simon Bolivar, two centuries before.
The first step towards the Bolivarian dream had been Petrocaribe - a scheme to provide cheap oil to the countries of Central America and the Caribbean that depend on imports.
It was hugely popular, with only Barbados refusing to take part.
This was followed by Alba, a regional integration scheme that would grow to include Cuba, Bolivia, Ecuador, Honduras (until 2009) and Nicaragua, as well as a few small independent Caribbean states.
Venezuela under Mr Chavez, along with Brazil under President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, also promoted a new regional architecture  designed to embrace all American states except the US and Canada.
This led to Unasur, the Union of South American countries, and a proposed Community of Latin American and Caribbean nations (Celac).
It also led to a development bank designed to counter the influence of the IMF.
Mr Chavez's ambitions to join Mercosur (the regional integration scheme founded by Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay) were long blocked by the Paraguayan senate.
But political upheaval in Paraguay led to the country being suspended from the bloc, so clearing the way for Venezuela to be admitted in July 2012.
President Chavez's electoral success (he lost only one nationwide vote) did not rest, it is safe to say, on his foreign policy.
This was very clear in the presidential election in October 2012, which he won despite a strong challenge from the opposition.
It was due to the social policies that won him the enduring loyalty of the country's poorest strata as well as some support from the middle classes.
But his government's policies failed to address several problems that increasingly concern all sectors of society.
The first is the high level of common criminality, illustrated most clearly by the exceptionally high homicide rate.
The second is the level of inflation, which has been exacerbated by the devaluation of the currency despite the high oil price.
The third is the continuation of government corruption, including allegations of nepotism against the Chavez family, accusations they have long denied.
Finally, there is the issue of mismanagement of state resources as a result of the politicisation of the bureaucracy, the judiciary and state-owned enterprises.
Any successor to Hugo Chavez, whether from his own party or the opposition, will need to tackle these issues, but they will do so without the undoubted charisma that has sustained Chavez's popularity for many years. When that happens, Venezuela will embark on a new chapter in its 200-year history.
Professor Victor Bulmer-Thomas is Associate Fellow, Americas, Chatham House

This breaking news story is being updated and more details will be published shortly. Please refresh the page for the fullest version.
If you want to receive Breaking News alerts via email, or on a smartphone or tablet via the BBC News App then details on how to do so are available on this help page. You can also follow @BBCBreaking on Twitter to get the latest alerts.

According to the Family and Childcare Trust, the cost of holiday childcare has increased by 4% since 2016 to an average of Â£125 per week.
The BBC has called on you, the experts, to send us your best advice for managing childcare costs in the summer downtime.
Melanie Stevens from Cheltenham, Gloucester, suggests:
"In the summer holidays, I ask young students back from university to be our holiday nanny.
"My two boys are 11 and 12. I've got two lovely girls helping this summer, sometimes chilling at home and sometimes trips to the Lido, park and cafes.
"This works out cheaper than sending the boys to sporty holiday clubs and I have the luxury of not having to rush them out of the house.
"It does cost my entire salary for those weeks. I save Â£100 per month towards this."
However, Christine Castle from Reading, Berkshire, says paying for a club may be worth it:
"I can use up my holidays looking after my grandson but that would mean me losing time to spend with my husband as we both still work full time.
"I have paid for all the school holiday - less two weeks when my daughter is off work - for my grandson to go to a local summer club.
"He is educated and has fun whilst doing it so for me it is money well spent."
Followers of Mumsnet's Facebook page have also provided these pearls of wisdom:
Alison Cunningham suggests: "I got a weekend job so, yes, we don't get a full weekend as a family but hubby gets quality time with our little girl and we don't have the worry of relying on family for childcare. We are fortunate that hubby's job allows me to only work a few hours at the weekend, though I know this isn't a possibility for everyone."
Amanda Hobbs went back to the classroom for her solution: "I got a job in teaching! Has its drawbacks because everywhere is so damn busy and I get no 'me time.' However, we don't have to worry about childcare."
The conversation developed on @BBCBusiness as parents offered further advice.
Continuing the family theme Bakehouse Cottage recommends:
Startup Mums suggested self-employment might be the key, although it's not an easy option: "A lot of mums start their own business because they want increased flexibility, makes holidays a little easier, but it is still a juggle!"
For Traynorbird, it all comes down to money:
Meanwhile, Julie reminded us a friend in need is a friend indeed:
And Karl Woolley offered a father's perspective:
Tmckinnin has a solution: "I quit and take time off."
By Bernadette McCague, UGC and Social News team

Three people were arrested during the two-day festival. Police Scotland said there had been a small number of drug seizures.
The Tartan Heart Festival was headlined by Sir Tom Jones and Scots band Frightened Rabbit on Friday.
The festival, now in its 11th year, closed on Saturday with a set by Indie band Razorlight.
Officers dealt with five reports of missing children on the first day, all of whom were quickly re-united with their parents or other relatives.
A 33-year-old man was arrested on Friday for breach of the peace. There were two furthers arrests on Saturday, one for breach of the peace, the other for assault.
Event commander, Chief Insp Mark Mackay,  said the general standard of behaviour was "very good".
He said: "It has been an excellent event with very low levels of disorder and crime and we thank everyone who attended for their friendly approach and good nature.
"To ensure it ends in the same way and everyone gets home today safely, we stress to drivers to ensure they are sober and fit to drive before leaving the festival."
He added, "Given the volume of traffic leaving Belladrum there will be delays in the surrounding area especially the Beauly to Inverness road so we ask everyone to be patient and take your time.
"Traffic will be managed away from the site and traffic officers will be patrolling roads in the area."
Held in the grounds of a Highland estate, the event sold out five months before it was to take place.
The cancellation of this year's RockNess also left it as the biggest music event in the Highlands.

The 36-year-old former All Black has been in charge since Richard Cockerill was sacked in January.
But Mauger, whose final game will be against Northampton Saints on Saturday, has been overlooked in favour of ex-Tigers coach Matt O'Connor.
"Definitely I wanted to stay and see it through for the rest of the season," he told BBC Leicester Sport.
"I was kept in the loop the whole way through, but I'm clearly disappointed and devastated at the outcome.
"The club have made that decision in the best interests of the club, and what they believe going forward, so I have to respect that and move on."
The return of 46-year-old former Australia international O'Connor was announced on Monday, just a day after Mauger guided the Tigers to victory over Exeter in the Anglo-Welsh Cup final - the club's first silverware in four years.
Following the departure of the long-serving Cockerill, Leicester lost their first three games under Mauger, but won three of their next eight in all competitions.
They are fifth in the Premiership table, a point behind Bath, with five matches to play.
"Where the group are at the moment is pretty exciting," Mauger added. "We have really turned things around over the last eight or nine weeks.
"There is a real positive energy in the group and that has been reflected in some really good performances. Unfortunately that wasn't enough.
"We have a big game on Saturday against Saints and we look forward to starting a home run for the play-offs."

The two-year-old girl went missing from the store in Northumberland Street in Newcastle city centre shortly before 17:00 BST on 13 April.
She was found just over an hour later, about three miles away in Gosforth.
The girls, aged 13 and 14, appeared before a youth court in North Tyneside. They are due to go on trial on 7 June.
Neither entered any pleas and they were remanded into local authority care.
The pair are charged with kidnap "with the intention of committing a relevant sexual offence" contrary to the Sexual Offences Act of 2003.
They are also charged with two counts of theft - dummies from a Boots store and baby milk and a bottle from Sainsbury's.
District Judge Roger Elsey told the hearing they would also face a separate charge of kidnap, this being without the sexual intent.

The 26-year-old male driver was later arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, Merseyside Police said.
Emergency services were called to Aigburth Road at about 18.50 BST on Tuesday after reports a white Volkswagen Golf had hit the pedestrian.
He was treated for multiple injuries but died at the scene.
The driver, from Widnes, was taken to hospital to be treated for superficial injuries before being taken into custody at a police station in Merseyside.
The victim has not yet been formally identified and officers are trying to trace his next of kin.
Police are asking anyone who may have witnessed the incident to contact them.

Proposals to cut up to 24 posts in the region and lose one fire engine from the Wrexham station are up for consideration at a meeting on 20 June.
North Wales brigade secretary Shane Price said: "The service has already suffered heavy cutbacks in staffing."
Deputy Chief Fire Officer Dawn Docx said there are a variety of money saving options on the table.
The Wrexham station currently has three engines.
The FBU's Mr Price said he felt the authority has failed to take into account how much support crews in Wrexham offered to surrounding fire stations like Johnstown and Chirk.
But Mrs Docx said the fire service's budget could no longer be frozen due to the cost of inflation and rising pension costs and the decision to reduce future services was "the least damaging option".
The authority's executive members met with senior fire officers in May to discuss future plans.
She said: "The working group had come to the conclusion that the option that they intend to explore further and consult on, would be the potential removal of a whole time pump from Wrexham by the end of this decade.
Once the full authority has agreed on its proposals there will be a full public consultation later in 2016.

Rice, 27, was handed an indefinite ban in September when a video emerged of him punching his fiancee in the face.
The player was released by the Baltimore Ravens, but he is now allowed to play should he sign for a new team.
The appeal, heard on 5 November but announced on Friday, had to decide if the NFL overstepped its authority.
American football's governing body had modified Rice's two-game suspension, making it indefinite after the video of the incident went public.
Rice has been eligible to sign for a new team since his ban was put in place, but he had not yet accepted a contract.
Rice and his wife Janay - who married after the incident - testified at the hearing, as did NFL security chief Jeffrey Miller and Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome.
In her decision, US district judge Barbara S Jones wrote: "Because Rice did not mislead the commissioner and because there were no new facts on which the commissioner could base his increased suspension, I find that the imposition of the indefinite suspension was arbitrary.
"I therefore vacate the second penalty imposed on Rice.
"The provisions of the first discipline - those regarding making continued use of counselling and other professional services, having no further involvement with law enforcement, and not committing any additional violations of league policies -still stand."
The NFL is yet to comment.
Earlier in November the owner of the Jacksonville Jaguars Shahid Khan told the BBC the NFL "has to play a leadership role" when it comes to the issue of domestic abuse.

A new system requires motorists to access the DVLA website to generate a check code that allows companies to see whether a driver has penalty points.
The code was introduced after the paper counterpart licence that carries such details was computerised.
The DVLA initially allowed the code to stay "live" for just 72 hours.
The checking period is now 21 days.
The government responded after car hire companies complained of queues and drivers complained they may not have internet access while abroad to generate a new code.
The DVLA said that for those who do not have internet access, a phone number would also be made available - although this is not a 24-hour number.
"We're pleased that the DVLA has listened to industry feedback that the code lifespan was too short," said Gerry Keaney, chief executive of the British Vehicle Rental and Leasing Association.
"This common sense approach will reduce queues at rental desks and give millions of renters more time to plan and arrive prepared ahead of their journey."
Motoring organisations were also concerned that many drivers and car hire companies were unaware of the new system, and those that were found it tricky to use.
The DVLA says using the system is not complicated.
"It's very easy to view and share your driving record. Just go to gov.uk and search for 'view driving licence'," said Oliver Morley, the DVLA's chief executive.
As a result of the abolition of the paper counterpart, all evidence of driving endorsements and convictions will be held online only.
The eight million or so old-style paper licences - which carry endorsements on them - will remain valid.
The system does not apply to Northern Ireland drivers.

The patent, belonging to a firm called eDekka, related to "methods of storing information" which included the use of labels - but the judge said this could apply to routine activities.
The US patent system allows companies to acquire the rights to inventions and demand money for their use, without making products of their own.
Critics call it "patent trolling".
However, in the case of eDekka against online retailer 3balls.com judge Rodney Gilstrap ruled that "the claimed idea represents routine tasks that could be performed by a human" and was therefore not worth protection by patent law.
The District of East Texas has traditionally been favourable towards patent claimants, in part because of its rules on swift litigation processes, which can put pressure on defendants to settle disputes quickly, according to the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF).
However, Judge Gilstrap's ruling on the 3balls case last month also included all other defendants facing similar legal action from the firm regarding the same patent.
"US judges, even in the notoriously troll-friendly Eastern District of Texas, increasingly invalidate patents for claiming monopolies on abstract ideas," patent expert Florian Muller told the BBC.
EDekka, which has no online presence, is one of the most prolific filers of patent lawsuits.
In 2014, it filed more than 100 allegations of patent misuse.
The new ruling means its patent, number 6,266,674 is, in effect, wiped out.

Bernard Cazeneuve said on Tuesday that two men, aged 20 and 24, were arrested on 19 December and were being held for questioning.
Both are thought to have had contact with another Frenchman, currently believed to be in Syria.
France saw its worst attacks in decades last month, with 130 killed in Paris.
Speaking in the southern city of Toulouse, Mr Cazeneuve said 10 attacks had been foiled so far this year in France.
He said the investigation into the latest alleged plot south-west of Paris will look into whether the Frenchman in Syria, thought to be a jihadist, ordered the attack.
One of the detainees confessed they had intended to attack police officers, military personnel and anyone identified with the French state, Mr Cazeneuve said.
Investigators think the suspects had raised money for the plot and were searching for weapons.
One of the men arrested is reported to be of Moroccan descent, while the other is said to be from Togo.
One suspect was reportedly unknown to police, while the other was a known petty criminal.
Paris attacks - in depth

Some critics say the campaign should be led by Arabs, not the Kurdish-dominated Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), and many highlight the ordeal of Raqqa residents.
News of the Kurdish-led campaign against IS has caused disquiet among social media commentators, many of who fear a backlash against ordinary people in Raqqa.
"The ongoing talk of 'liberating Raqqa'", tweeted prominent opposition journalist and activist Hadi Al-Abdallah, "actually means a re-occupation of the city".
He argued that "the SDF is more radical than ISIS [IS]."
A spokesman for the anti-IS activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently (RBSS), Mohamed Al-Saleh, said that "a state of fear prevails among civilians" in the city.
"Civilians fear that the international coalition's warplanes or Russian aircraft may carry out massacres inside the Raqqa city similar to what happened in Aleppo," he said, alluding to air strikes on rebels in the Syrian city.
Similar views were expressed on Twitter.
"People in Raqqa have embarked on a trip into the unknown, just like what happened in Aleppo countryside - neither life nor death, we have no one but you God," one user tweeted.
In fact, expressions of fear have been the dominant trend among tweets commenting on the Raqqa operation.
Analysis of 23,154 Arabic tweets written between 24 and 25 May showed that about half of the sample were circulating news, while almost a quarter of the remaining posts expressed fear.
The rest of the comments were critical of the operation, with very few expressing support for it.
On 25 May, IS was reported to have closed down bus stations in Raqqa to completely prevent residents from travelling outside the city.
Mohamed Al-Saleh said IS was "trying to tighten the noose on civilians".
According to activists, this has left residents with no choice but to seek the help of smugglers, who reportedly charge $400 per person.
On the other hand, the US-led international coalition's warplanes have reportedly been dropping leaflets asking residents to leave to avoid getting caught in the fighting,
According to the RBSS, the leaflets say: "This is the time you have been waiting for, it is time to leave Raqqa."
Startled by the news, one Twitter user commented: "Don't they know Daesh [IS] has closed the roads and the bus stations?"
In the past, Kurds have been accused of carrying out atrocities against Arabs in areas that fell under their control.
"We have not forgotten the desecration of dead bodies, dragging rebels across the streets and displaying them on the back of trucks. We have not forgotten the occupation of Sunni Arab areas, displacing their people," one user tweeted, commenting about the start of the Kurdish-led operation north of Raqqa.
Although outnumbered on social media, supporters of the campaign said it would deal a blow to terror.
"Burn ISIS, burn terrorism, liberate Raqqa," tweeted one user, who described himself as a supporter of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Another suggested that the campaign only "annoys ISIS members in the area and those who follow them."
BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.

In the past year there has been an increase of 600 patients in Northern Ireland, bringing the total to 11,800.
The figures are part of a national report that shows dramatic variations across the UK.
They range from a diagnosis rate of 32% in East Riding in Yorkshire to 63% in Northern Ireland.
The UK average is 46%. The diagnosis rate for Belfast is 75.5%.
Experts believe that family doctors are now better equipped to spot the signs of dementia.
These figures are almost bitter sweet - on the one hand they show a worrying increase in the number of people in Northern Ireland being diagnosed with dementia.
On the other, they also indicate that the local health trusts are in the top five best areas in the UK for diagnosing the disease.
While there are now 11,800 men and women with the condition, it is thought that there could be around 7,000 others who have the debilitating illness.
The Alzheimer's Society has urged the public to visit their roadshow which starts a tour of Northern Ireland this week.

Lt Gen James Terry, who is co-ordinating efforts against IS, said the soldiers would be in addition to 3,100 US soldiers already promised.
He did not say which coalition nations would provide the extra troops or what role they would play.
The US has agreed to send troops to Iraq in an advisory role.
Coalition members discussed the Islamic State issue and made the troop pledge at a security conference in the region last week, Gen Terry said.
Gen Terry also told the conference that air strikes against IS were taking a toll on the militants' campaign in Iraq and Syria.
The US state department says nearly 60 countries belong to the coalition, although most play no direct role in the air strikes.
It is hoped the deployment of additional soldiers will increase the effectiveness of the Iraqi army, much of which proved ineffective under an IS onslaught last summer.
"While [the Iraqi security forces] have a long way to go I think they're becoming more capable every day," Lt Terry said.
"When you start now to balance the different capabilities out across the coalition, I think we're doing pretty well in terms of boots on the ground."
Meanwhile, the Combined Joint Task Force announced that US-led coalition forces carried out 15 air strikes in Syria and 31 in Iraq between 3 and 8 December.
IS controls large areas of Syria and Iraq, imposing a rigid version of Sunni Islam and persecuting or killing non-believers.
The group has also executed several western hostages and has promised to kill more.
Earlier on Monday US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel said that the US would not be reviewing its policy of not paying ransoms in hostage situations, in spite of several failed rescue bids in the last few months.
In the latest incident, British-born US journalist Luke Somers and South African teacher Pierre Korkie were both killed by al-Qaeda gunmen in Yemen during an attempted rescue operation on Saturday.

HMP Berwyn opened in Wrexham at the end of February, and will eventually hold 2,100 prisoners.
However, the move to call the first wing there Bala has left some in the town fuming and a petition has been started to change it.
The Ministry of Justice (MoJ) said the name was chosen by prison staff.
Bala town council said it had not been consulted about the name, which is on display at the reception desk with a sign reading: "Welcome Croeso i Bala" - and includes a picture of the lake, Llyn Tegid.
"Naming it Berwyn was quite odd in the first place but calling the wing that has already been opened 'Bala' sits very uncomfortably with me," councillor Dilwyn Morgan said.
"As a former pupil at Ysgol y Berwyn, Y Bala, it was heartbreaking to see it called HM Prison Berwyn in the first place," Llinos Jones-Williams, who started the petition, said.
"But to name a wing after our town is a disgrace that's even more hurtful. And to rub more salt into the wound, it has a large sign in the reception area with 'Welcome to Bala' and a lovely photo of the lake.
"We were not informed of this until the building opened, and to my knowledge, no one was consulted to see if we, local Bala people, were happy with the decision."
She told the local weekly newspaper Y Cyfnod she wants a meeting with the local MP Liz Saville Roberts to discuss the matter.
The Rev Huw Dylan Jones from nearby Llangwm added: "There was no reason to call it Berwyn Prison in the first place because it has no connection with the Berwyn mountains.  And to then call a wing Bala is disrespectful and an insult to the town.
"Names associated with Wrexham are better suited to the place."
An MoJ spokeswoman said: "HMP Berwyn serves men from the whole of north Wales and the name was chosen to reflect the culture of the area.
"The name 'Berwyn' was chosen following public consultation, while individual names were chosen by prison staff, many of whom have strong connections to the north Wales area."

Jansson joined Torino from Malmo in 2014, but has since made only 16 appearances in Serie A.
The 25-year-old has won eight caps for Sweden and was an unused member of their Euro 2016 squad.
"I need to play football regularly and I know that Leeds are a big club with big ambitions," he said.
"I want to help take Leeds back to the Premier League as soon as possible. I'm an aggressive defender and I always give more than 100% for the team that I play for."
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.

It estimates that 65.3m people were either refugees, asylum seekers or internally displaced at the end of 2015, an increase of 5m in a year.
This represents one in every 113 people on the planet, the UN agency says.
Meanwhile, the UN refugee chief says a worrying "climate of xenophobia" has taken hold in Europe as it struggles to cope with the migrant crisis.
The influx of people, the biggest since World War Two, has led to greater support for far-right groups and controversial anti-immigration policies.
In its annual report marking World Refugee Day, the UN said it was the first time the number of refugees worldwide had passed the 60m mark.
Over half of the total comes from just three countries: Syria, Afghanistan and Somalia.
Are more people on the move?
Migrant crises through history
65.3m
people are refugees, asylum seekers or displaced, that's
1 in 113
of all people on the planet
12.4m were newly displaced by conflict or persecution in 2015
24 people a minute were forced to flee in 2015
54% of refugees came from just 3 countries: Syria, Afghanistan, Somalia
Half of all refugees are children under 18
Despite the huge focus on Europe's migrant crisis, the UN said 86% of the world's refugees were being sheltered in low and middle income countries.
Turkey is the biggest host country for refugees worldwide, with 2.5m people, followed by Pakistan and Lebanon.
More than 1,011,700 migrants arrived in Europe by sea last year, according to the International Organisation for Migration (IOM), although other agencies put that number much higher.
Some 35,000 arrived by land, the IOM said.
The preferred destinations for most of them were richer northern countries like Germany and Sweden.
This is reflected in the UN's figures for new asylum applications in 2015, which show that Germany was the largest single recipient, followed by the United States and Sweden.
Most Syrian refugees in Turkey are covered by the Turkish government's temporary protection scheme so do not count as asylum claimants.
The European migration crisis has caused significant political rifts within the EU, with some states inside the border-free Schengen area putting up fences and re-imposing frontier controls.
The European bloc reached an agreement with Turkey in an attempt to limit the mass movement of people into the EU, a deal that has been heavily criticised by human rights groups.
In separate remarks, the UN refugee chief said European leaders needed to do more to coordinate policies and to combat negative stereotypes about refugees.
"Those who do the opposite, who stir up public opinion against refugees and migrants, have a responsibility in creating a climate of xenophobia that is very worrying in today's Europe," Filippo Grandi told AFP news agency.
He said it was unfortunate that some decisions taken by the EU to handle the crisis "were not implemented", calling it "a missed opportunity".
A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.

Humberside Police said more than £250,000 has been stolen from victims in the last year.
They said up to 25 people a day - more than 750 people a month - are receiving calls from bogus officials.
The force has urged people to be aware of the scam.
"Vishing" - or voice phishing - occurs when fraudsters, often posing as police officer, phone their target and tell them they have been the victim of fraud.
The victim is then duped into either handing over their card and personal details, often to a second fraudster posing as a bank employee, or into passing cash to a courier in order to protect it.
Banks will never
source: Financial Ombudsman Service
Det Sgt Mike Wood, of Humberside Police, said: "Over the last four months we've had a vast influx.
"I would estimate that probably around £250,000 has been lost. We've had some people who have lost quite large amounts but a more regular amount is about £5,000."
Pat Bottomley, who lost £8,000 said: "I can't give anything to charities anymore, which used to be one of my big pleasures, or to my children and grand children. It leaves you personally devastated."

7 October 2016 Last updated at 15:29 BST
He was at the scene of a fire which broke out at a disused commercial building in Holbeck on Friday.
Ten fire engines were called to the scene on Whitehall Road at 12:42 BST.
No-one was injured in the incident.

Fast transforming itself from a minority interest to mainstream entertainment, sustained success at the highest level through Smith, Beth Tweddle, Max Whitlock and co has helped to inspire ever-growing numbers to take part and attract the interest of TV executives.
BBC One's new celebrity gymnastics show Tumble - which sees celebrities compete alongside professional gymnasts - is the latest vehicle to help bring gymnastics to a wider audience, reaching millions of viewers every weekend.
Two-time Commonwealth champion Craig Heap is a judge on Tumble and is enjoying seeing his sport in the limelight.
"We've had Louis win Strictly Come Dancing, Beth Tweddle win Dancing On Ice, Britain's Got Talent won by Spellbound and now we've got a primetime slot on Saturday night with Tumble," Heap told BBC Newcastle.
"I cannot think of any other sport that has dominated TV shows as much as gymnastics within the last couple of years."
British Gymnastics executive director Mark Gannon added: "What I think Tumble is doing is really opening out the sport to wider viewers.
"It's probably the best platform we've had to articulate that our sport is open and accessible to all."
For all the welcome attention that reality TV shows can help provide, British gymnastics' increased profile and media presence is ultimately down to the success of its athletes.
Prior to Smith's historic pommel horse medal, Tweddle had been Britain's leading light in the sport with five European and three World titles over a 10-year period culminating with bronze at the 2012 Olympics at the age of 27 - an age at which most have long retired from the sport.
"I think Beth did start the journey," said Gannon. "What Beth did was inspire hundreds of thousands of little girls."
Both gymnasts have contributed to a growing culture of belief in the sport that British gymnasts can not only compete, but also win medals at international level.
"I think Louis's Olympic medal and the success of Beth on the women's side really spiralled the success of British gymnastics and the aspirations of gymnasts," said Heap.
"People believe that they can equal that and that has had a snowball effect on the mentality of the gymnasts and the coaches."
In the four years between the 2008 Games and the 2012 Olympics, British gymnasts more than doubled the number of major medals won at Commonwealth, European and World Championship level in comparison to the four-year cycle leading up to Beijing.
That success continued - albeit with gymnasts competing for their individual home nations - at this summer's Commonwealth Games in Glasgow with 21-year-old Whitlock and Claudia Fragapane, 16, standing out.
The 4ft 6in Fragapane, dubbed the "pocket rocket" of British gymnastics, picked up four golds, while Whitlock continued his winning form from this year's European Championships, claiming five medals including a gold in the all-around final.
Grassroots gymnastics in Britain has also benefitted from the sport's renaissance at elite level, with the latest British Gymnastics membership figures showing a 17% increase in recreational membership of clubs since London 2012.
"It has been growing since 2012," City of Newcastle Gymnastics academy manager Karen Chapman told BBC Newcastle.
"But since the Commonwealths and then since the Tumble programme's gone out we've had three or four enquires every day for new members."
It's all a far cry from Heap's experience as a competitor.
"When I went to the Sydney Olympics, I was 32nd and the only GB male gymnast there," said Heap.
"If I rewind the clock 20 years, we'd never have seen a gymnast going to championships and winning medals in the numbers that we have.
"It's probably developed best out of all of the sports within Britain - it's a dream come true really."

A statement from the web giant said it has deleted photos "within hours" of requests being made and has "closed hundreds of accounts."
It comes after reports Hollywood entertainment lawyer Marty Singer has threatened to sue Google for "violating privacy".
The New York Post  published a letter addressed to senior staff at Google.
The letter states that Google failed "to act expeditiously, and responsibly to remove the images" and "was perpetuating the despicable conduct of these habitual pervert predators".
Cara Delevingne and Jennifer Lawrence were among the group of stars targeted by cyber thieves who posted their stolen pictures on sites including 4Chan.
Although the women involved in the potential lawsuit have not been named, the legal papers stated: "We are litigation counsel for over a dozen celebrities."
In his letter, Marty Singer said, the female stars would seek damages for Google's "blatantly unethical behaviour" and "knowingly accommodating, facilitating, and perpetuating the unlawful conduct" of the hackers.
The high profile lawyer added: "Google knows the images are hacked stolen property, private and confidential photos and videos unlawfully obtained and posted by pervert predators who are violating the victims' privacy rights".
In response, Google said: "Our turnaround is generally hours, not weeks.
"Of course people continue to post these images on the web, so - like other online services - we rely on people notifying us to help us take them down, whether by flagging content, or filing DMCA (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) requests."
Other celebs to be targeted by cyber thieves are Kate Upton, Rihanna, Kim Kardashian and horror star Mary Elizabeth Winstead.
Pitch Perfect actress Anna Kendrick has also reportedly had photos of herself fully-clothed published on Reddit and 4Chan.
According to Mr Singer's legal document, some of the photos have also turned up on YouTube and Blogspot, owned by Google.
Google said: "We're removing these photos for community guidelines and policy violations (eg nudity and privacy violation) on YouTube, Blogger and Google+.
"For search we have historically taken a different approach as we reflect what's online - but we remove these images when we receive valid copyright (DMCA) notices."
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube

The blaze, in Lake County north of San Francisco, has destroyed 24 homes and displaced about 12,000 residents.
It is just one of 21 fires across the drought-ridden state being battled by about 9,000 firefighters.
California is in the fourth year of a severe drought which has left the state vulnerable to brushfires.
"This is a very fast-moving wildfire," said Daniel Berlant, a spokesman for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Prevention, or Cal Fire.
The rapid expansion of the fire over the weekend represented an "unprecedented growth in that short amount of time", Mr Berlant said.
The Lake County blaze now threatens a further 6,300 buildings and has forced the closure of two state highways, according to Cal Fire.
Some 2,700 firefighters - nearly a third of the state's total force - are tackling the fire but officials said only 5% of it had been contained.
"We're certainly stretching our resources," Cal Fire Chief Ken Pimlott told CNN on Sunday, adding that National Guard troops had been mobilised.
Thousands of lightning strikes in recent days contributed to the huge number of major fires across the state, Mr Pimlott said.
California Governor Jerry Brown on Sunday declared a state of emergency across the California.
A separate blaze that killed a US forest ranger on Thursday near the Oregon border has also expanded, but remains a fraction of the size of the Lake Country fire.
David Ruhl, 38, died in the Frog Fire raging through Modoc National Forest.

In a Washington State lawsuit, Indian firm iYogi is accused of using scare tactics to mislead consumers.
It is also accused of falsely claiming affiliation to Microsoft, Apple and HP.
The firm has denied the allegations, describing them as "false" and "baseless".
"While we are yet to receive the complaint through formal channels, based on our assessment of media reports we would like to firmly state that the allegations are false or baseless," said iYogi's co-founder Vishal Dhar in a statement to the BBC.
"We recognise that tech support frauds are a real issue in the US and, as a responsible industry leader, we have been working with authorities... to counter the issue."
He said that his firm would "do what is necessary" to see the case through "to its rightful end".
Attorney General Bob Ferguson alleged that "hundreds, if not thousands" of Washington residents had been affected by what he described as iYogi's "unfair and deceptive" tactics, which he claimed violated Washington's consumer protection and computer spyware laws.
He is seeking $2,000 (Â£1,340) in civil penalties for each violation of the Consumer Protection Act and $100,000 per violation for the Computer Spyware Act.
Microsoft's chief legal officer Brad Smith attended a news conference announcing the lawsuit and applauded the state for its efforts to "protect consumers from tech support scams that have reached epidemic levels in recent years".
He said that his firm had received more than 180,000 customer calls regarding tech support fraud.
Microsoft estimates that 3.3 million Americans lose about $1.5bn annually from tech support scams.
Such scams tended to disproportionately affect "the most vulnerable segments of our society", he said, adding that tech support scams "have become a scourge on the internet".
iYogi has more than 5,000 employees based at call centres in India. It says it serves more than three million customers across 11 countries.
As part of its investigation the Attorney General's Office (AGO) alleged that iYogi used the following tactics:
The AGO also offered advice to avoid tech support scams:
iYogi was earlier this year praised by US politicians when it set up a global centre in Maine, employing 300 people.
At the time, Maine Governor Paul R LePage said that it was "encouraging" that iYogi was outsourcing jobs to America.

Days after Mr Nisman's body was found on 18 January, Ms Fernandez said his death was part of an intelligence "operation" to harm her government.
On Monday, Ms Fernandez announced the creation of a new body to replace the Intelligence Secretariat (SI), more widely known by its previous initials, Side.
She said the leadership of the new Federal Intelligence Agency would be chosen by the government but would be subject to senate approval.
"We must work to reform the Argentine intelligence system because the one we have has not served the interests of the nation," she announced in a national address.
The SI is one of Argentina's most feared and hated state agencies.
Created in 1946 by Argentina's strongman General Juan Domingo Peron, it was originally a civilian intelligence agency called the Information Division.
According to journalist Uki Goni, its first task was to arrange the post-war transport of Nazi war criminals to Argentina.
The service evolved into a secret police force under Argentina's military rule (1976-1983), and was used by the military junta to track down opponents and spy on anyone considered subversive.
That included students, trade unionists and left-wing activists.
Since then, the SI has been viewed by Argentines as a seedy, dark and powerful organization.
Critics allege that following the return to democracy in 1983, the SI changed into a spy agency used by successive governments to monitor the activities of opponents, journalists, judges and prosecutors.
Intelligence expert Luis Alberto Somoza told the BBC that in the past years the SI was used mainly for political or personal espionage.
"Everyone in power used their intelligence activities for their own purposes and now they are paying the price," he said.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange told Argentine news site Infobae the country had one of "the most aggressive surveillance regimes" in Latin America.
Ms Assange also warned that the government of President Fernandez had hired a large number of "surveillance companies".
The Civil Rights Association of Argentina and other NGOs have expressed their concern at what they see as a lack of control over the intelligence services.
The sole parliamentary body in charge of supervising their activities, a commission led by a governing party legislator, met only twice in 2014 and has been inactive for a year, according to reports in the local press.
The number of people currently working for the Intelligence Secretariat is kept secret, as is the amount of specific funding it receives from the government.
Last December, President Fernandez replaced the agency's long-serving heads with some of her close allies.
Government officials say Mr Nisman's death and the alleged plot against the government might be related to this reshuffle.
The president's critics say the creation of the Federal Intelligence Agency alone will not be a safeguard against future misuse of the intelligence services.
They question Ms Fernandez's plans to move oversight of all wiretaps from the intelligence services to the General Attorney's office, pointing to the close ties between the government and the current General Attorney.
Opponents also fear the government will continue its spying activities, merely moving it from the civilian spy agency to the armed forces.
As evidence, they point to the nomination of intelligence expert Gen Cesar Milani to the post of army chief and the fact she has since assigned the largest portion of Argentina's annual intelligence budget to the army.
So while plans to disband the feared SI were widely welcomed, Argentines appear doubtful whether the creation of a new agency will be the answer.

Born into poverty, Alberto Aguilera Valadez (his real name) rose to sell more than 100m albums and had his own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
In his glittering mariachi outfits, he won hearts with hits like Amor Eterno.
Latin American leaders rushed to pay tribute to a singer sometimes likened to Elvis Presley.
"His music was his legacy for the world," Mexican President Pena Nieto said on Twitter. "He left us too soon."
He wrote his first song at the age of 13 and went on to compose more than 1,500, often love ballads.
His mother, he said, was one of the people he most loved in his life even though he had spent most of his childhood away from her.
Unable to support him on her own when his father was placed in a psychiatric hospital, she had sent him to an orphanage. She died in 1974.
Amor Eterno, Juan Gabriel said, was written with her in mind. "Even though I don't have my mother's love today, I have the love of millions,'' he told the newspaper La Jornada in an interview in 2012.
"Her love comes through all the mothers of Mexico."
As a struggling teenager, he spent time in prison for robbery, and in later life, he had problems in Mexico and the US for not paying taxes.
In the rare interviews he gave, he avoided talking about his private life so fans were surprised when it became known that he had fathered four children with a woman friend, Laura Salas, the Associated Press news agency said.
A six-time Grammy nominee, he was inducted into the Billboard Latin Music Hall of Fame in 1996 and received industry awards that included ASCAP Songwriter of the Year in 1995 and Latin Recording Academy's Person of the Year 2009.
He had just started an extensive American tour and a Billboard magazine review of his Los Angeles date had hailed him as "the ultimate showman". who provided a "bucket-list worthy show" and had no fewer than four thrones on stage for those songs he performed sitting down.
The tour's next date - in El Paso on Sunday night - had already been cancelled before news of his death was announced. The tour, titled MeXXIco Es Todo, had also been due to visit major venues in cities such as Las Vegas, Dallas, Hidalgo, Miami and New York over the coming weeks.
Juan Gabriel wrote many hits for leading Latin singers including Angelica Maria, Aida Cuevas, Lorenzo Antonio, Jose Jose, Luis Miguel and Rocio Durcal.
Juan Gabriel also acted in several films after his debut in 1975 in the movie Nobleza Ranchera.

The federal government also apologised "for any role Canadian officials may have played in relation to his ordeal abroad and any resulting harm."
Canadian-born Khadr, 30, was captured in 2002 in Afghanistan at the age of 15, and spent a decade in Guantanamo.
He was convicted in 2010 by a US military commission of killing US Army Sgt Christopher Speer.
"We hope that this expression, and the negotiated settlement reached with the Government, will assist him in his efforts to begin a new and hopeful chapter in his life with his fellow Canadians," said Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland and the Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale in a statement.
The Liberal government refused to officially disclose the the amount of the legal settlement despite the figure being widely leaked to numerous media outlets.
Khadr was suing the government for $20m on claims Ottawa conspired with the US in breaching his constitutional rights.
Khadr was the youngest prisoner ever detained at the US military prison in Cuba. He became a cause celebre for opponents of the Guantanamo Bay naval base and his case received international attention.
He was convicted of five crimes, including throwing a grenade that killed Speer in 2002.
Khadr said his confessions to US officials were made under duress.
His detention dragged on during the mandates of three previous governments, both Liberal and Conservative.
Canada's Supreme Court twice found that Canada violated Khadr's constitutional rights, holding that Canadian officials had been complicit in Khadr's mistreatment and contributed to his ongoing detention.
In 2010, Canada's Supreme Court ruled that he was interrogated under "oppressive circumstances."
Mr Goodale said at a news conference on Friday that reaching a settlement "was the only sensible course".
On Friday, the Canadian Press wire service reported that the Liberal Trudeau government wanted to get ahead of an attempt by Speer's widow and another US soldier wounded in the 2002 firefight to prevent Khadr from receiving any funds.
In 2015, the pair won a $134m (Â£103m) settlement in a Utah federal court in a lawsuit filed against Khadr.
The Globe and Mail reports their lawyer filed a court application in an Ontario Superior Court in Toronto this summer in a bid to block any possible payment to Khadr.
Mr Goodale denied any claim the settlement was rushed to block legal attempts to halt the payout by the pair.
He said "they will no doubt seek the redress that they think is appropriate and due to them and the legal process will take its course".
Khadr was repatriated in 2012 after agreeing to a plea deal to leave Guantanamo and serve the majority of his eight-year sentence in Canada. He was released on bail in Canada in 2015.
His case has long divided public opinion in Canada.
His defenders describe him as a child soldier. Others argue he was a radicalised fighter at the time of his capture.
Khadr was taken to Afghanistan by his father, a member of the al-Qaeda terror network. He spent his childhood in Canada and Pakistan.
News that Khadr would be receiving compensation re-ignited the controversy.
A petition by low tax advocacy group The Canadian Taxpayers Federation collected over 50,000 signatures in two days opposing any compensation for Khadr.
In an interview with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation released on Friday, Khadr said he was now a different person from the teenager captured in Afghanistan.
He said he hoped the "talk about settlement or the apology does not cause people pain and if it does, you know, I'm really sorry for the pain".

Aged 19 at the time back in late 2010, and still living with his mum and dad in Somerset, Mr Nash had developed a website called Little Gossip, where schoolchildren could anonymously post news of interest to their fellow pupils.
Mr Nash, now 25, says he had the best of intentions, but things very quickly went wrong.
The website was an immediate viral hit, gaining 33,000 users in just its first hour, then hundreds of thousands across the length and breadth of the UK within a few days.
Unfortunately, at least 10% of the comments posted were malicious. And amid accusations that it was a bullying free-for-all, schools and parents were soon loudly complaining.
And Mr Nash was doorstepped by tabloid reporters and TV crews.
Mr Nash says: "My mum walked out one morning in her dressing gown to open the front gate for someone, and suddenly there were reporters asking her, 'Does Ted Nash live here?'
"She ran back inside, shouting to me, 'What have you done?'"
With the story being widely reported across national UK newspapers, and on TV, Mr Nash shut down the website a few months later.
A serial technology entrepreneur, who set up his first money-making website when he was just 12 years old, Mr Nash describes Little Gossip as "an unbelievable learning curve".
He says: "As is more often the case, I came up with the idea for the website to solve my own problems.
"At school I was always much more interested in building a company. Because of that I felt that I had missed out on a huge amount of gossip and socialising, so I thought something like Little Gossip would be very useful, and it was started with good intentions.
"Unfortunately it was a sad state of affairs that you couldn't allow some people to be anonymous [without them abusing it], and we had to close it."
Now chief executive of a start-up technology company called Tapdaq, which aims to help small mobile phone apps more easily grow user numbers, Mr Nash is already 13 years into a busy and eventful business career.
At 17 he made almost Â£3m when three million people around the world paid 99 cents to download an app he had developed called Face Rate, and then he subsequently spent 18 months helping Rupert Murdoch's UK newspaper group, News UK, develop its mobile presence.
But Mr Nash says it all started when, aged 12, and on a family holiday in Spain, he was inspired by an 18-year-old he met who had made a decent amount of money by developing an early internet search engine.
"I saw all the material items that he had, and me being 12 I wanted that as well.
"It completely set off a spark in my head, and from that point onwards I was just fascinated by technology and the impact it can have. And, of course, the money it can make.
"At that age all I could think about was buying the next toy - literally. But [as] you get older you realise that the money is not so important, and that it is a subset for building something of value for other people to use."
Returning to the UK, Mr Nash set to work on learning how to build websites, and still just 12, was successful with one of the first ones he built. Called Rediz, it was an online shopping index, with links to shopping websites.
Mr Nash was savvy enough to build up a user base, and he was soon getting paid by retailers for each customer who clicked through to their websites from his.
"I was earning the kind of money that 12-year-olds shouldn't, but I had to get my parents to sign all my contracts, because I was obviously too young."
Many of Mr Nash's other websites, including an attempt at a search engine, were far less successful.
He says: "From age 12 to 16, it was pretty much all trial and error. I built [metaphorically speaking] thousands of websites, the majority of which didn't see the light of day."
Support, advice and occasional investment along the way came from Steve Pankhurst, the founder of one-time UK social networking website Friends Reunited. Mr Nash had met Mr Pankhurst via his father.
After Rediz, Mr Nash's next big hit was Face Rate, an app that measured - or at least tried to measure - how attractive a user was. It went viral, and Mr Nash says he "made an obscene amount of money for a kid of that age".
The ignominy of Little Gossip then followed, before Mr Nash helped the Times and Sunday Times newspapers improve their digital presence.
Mr Nash says his sole attention since 2013 has been London-based Tapdaq, which helps mobile phone apps cross-advertise on each other's platforms, thereby helping them to more easily build up user numbers. He says it has so far secured financial backing of $8m (Â£5.5m).
The ambitious Mr Nash has high hopes for the company, which he says "could become a multibillion-dollar business".
"For me being an entrepreneur is both a blessing and a curse," he says. "I'm always thinking [of business ideas]. It keeps me awake at night."

The proposals have been condemned by the UN refugee agency and human rights groups. They say they go against international rules on refugees.
Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen has called the plan the "most misunderstood bill in Denmark's history".
The bill is expected to be voted on later in the month.
The government on Tuesday secured a parliamentary majority to alter the proposed legislation to allow the Danish authorities to seize migrants' cash and other individual items worth more than 10,000 kroner (Â£1,000; â‚¬1,340, $1,450).
Wedding rings and other items of sentimental value will not be included.
The move has been likened by some commentators to the treatment of Jews by Nazi Germany during the Holocaust.
Separately on Wednesday, the government announced it would extend temporary controls at its border with Germany for a further 20 days.
The controls were brought in on 4 January to prevent an influx of migrants after neighbouring Sweden imposed temporary controls on its borders.
Denmark said on Wednesday that 31,000 border checks had taken place on its border with Germany in the past 10 days and 200 people had been refused entry.
"Refugees are welcome here," chanted crowds of Germans gathered at Munich railway station last September.
A few months on and the mood in Germany and much of the rest of Europe is very different.
Concerns over integration, the economic burden and security have risen sharply. In many countries, barbed wire has replaced open borders. And, after the Paris attacks, the Poles refused to take any migrants.
The New Year's Eve sex attacks in Cologne by men of a mainly migrant background has led to harsh questions about Western values and integration.
Sweden, traditionally welcoming to refugees, has introduced border checks, and Denmark has followed suit as it tries to dissuade migrants from coming. Europe is a much less hospitable place for migrants than it seemed last summer.
The ruling centre-right Venstre party - backed by its right-wing allies, the anti-immigration Danish People's Party, the Liberal Alliance and the Conservative People's Party - has promised to get tough on immigration since its election in June.
Integration Minister Inger Stojberg said the measures simply put migrants on an equal footing with jobless Danes, who must sell assets above a certain level to claim benefits.
She said the assets would help pay for housing, healthcare and some education.
Another heavily criticised part of the bill would delay the reunification of families for up to three years, up from the current one year.
The UN High Commission for Refugees, in its report on the proposed legislation, said the swift reunification of families was enshrined in a number of international conventions it called on Denmark to observe.
The bill also includes measures making it harder to obtain permanent residency and shortening temporary resident permits.
Responding to the plan to seize valuables, UNHCR spokesman William Spindler told the BBC: "Refugees have lost their homes and almost everything they possess.
"It beggars belief that somebody would want to strip them away from the little they have managed to salvage from their lives.
"Refugees need and deserve compassion, understanding, respect and solidarity."
Sofie Carsten Nielsen, an MP with the opposition Social Liberal party, said the bill was designed to "send a signal to refugees... that here in Denmark it's very difficult to come in...
"You will be investigated and you will be ransacked and they will search your bags for every sort of belongings that you have."
Denmark says 21,000 people applied for asylum in 2015 and it expects a similar number this year.
Neighbouring Sweden took in 163,000 and Germany has had more than 1.1 million asylum requests.

In its report on the Cancer Drugs Fund, the Public Accounts Committee said it was unacceptable that the benefit to patients was still not clear.
The fund was set up in 2010 to improve access to cancer drugs that would not be routinely available on the NHS.
The fund, which is expected to have cost £1.27bn by April 2017, has helped more than 80,000 cancer patients.
Before any drugs can be given to patients on the NHS, they have to be recommended by the health watchdog, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE), which looks at how well they work and whether they are cost-effective.
But if drugs are not recommended or have yet to be appraised by NICE, the Cancer Drugs Fund can step in and choose to fund cancer treatment.
The fund was initially managed by strategic health authorities. But since April 2013, it has been managed by NHS England.
The MPs' committee says there is no evidence the fund is benefiting patients, extending lives or a good use of taxpayers' money.
Money has had to be diverted from primary care to cover two years of overspends.
The £480m budget for the two years from 2013 to 2015 was overspent by £167m.
Its total budget, of £1.27bn, takes the fund to April, when the system will be overhauled.
The MPs recommend more thorough information is collected about how patients are benefiting from the drugs.
And they say tough decisions will need to be made about spending.
The fund has already had to drastically reduce the number of treatments it pays for, and the MPs' report questions whether it has done enough to fund medicines for rarer cancers.
A spokesman for NHS England said: "While we welcome the committee's support for a redesigned cancer drugs fund, we hope their explicit call for cuts to cancer drugs prices charged to the fund will be borne in mind as complex decisions on its future are taken in the next few months."

The piece by Venetian artist Francesco Guardi, entitled "Palace Stairs", was taken shortly after Germany invaded.
The small painting depicts noblemen talking at the grand stairs of Venice's Doge Palace.
Berlin hopes the move will revive talks over some 300,000 documents, including manuscripts by Mozart and Beethoven, that it wants to recover from Poland.
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier handed the work over to his Polish counterpart Radoslaw Sikorski at a ceremony on Monday.
After World War Two, the painting went to the University of Heidelberg and then to the State Gallery of Baden-Wuerttemberg.
It was recognised as belonging to Poland in the late 1990s.
But political differences between Warsaw and Berlin over the broader issue of art lost during the war prevented a deal from being reached sooner.
"This painting has been on a long odyssey," Mr Steinmeier said.
"[It represents] the difficult history that connects our two countries."
Poland is still searching for thousands of artefacts looted from its museums and private collections during the war, although many items are believed to have been destroyed during the war.
Mr Steinmeier said he hoped the move would "be a signal to restart the stalled German-Polish dialogue on cultural artefacts".
Germany has long sought the return of some 300,000 books, drawings and manuscripts - known as the Berlinka collection - from Poland.
The collection includes handwritten musical scores by Mozart, Beethoven and Bach that the Nazis moved to Poland to keep them safe from bombing during the war.
Abandoned by retreating German troops in what is now Poland, many of the items are now held by the Jagiellonian University in Krakow.

Villa's first-choice Jordan Amavi has been ruled out for the season with a serious knee injury.
Cissokho, 28, who played under Villa boss Remi Garde at Lyon, made only three appearances for Porto.
He played 27 times for Villa last season but made his final appearance in former boss Tim Sherwood's first game.
Villa have won just one of their 16 Premier League games this season and are bottom with six points, eight adrift of safety.

The document presents the government's 12 "principles", which were recently laid out by Prime Minister Theresa May in a key speech in London.
Brexit Secretary David Davis unveiled the plan to the House of Commons.
It focuses on a series of themes, including trade, immigration, devolution and the Irish border.
DUP Deputy Leader Nigel Dodds said the "central stress" of the plan was the opportunity the UK's withdrawal from the EU offers to "strengthen the union".
"This is why the DUP supported Brexit, and this is precisely what Brexit lets the UK do," he added.
"I am glad that the government took the time to restate the obvious - that Brexit would have no impact on the Common Travel Area, or the unique relationship between British and Irish citizens.
"This long predated EU membership and will happily outlast it."
However, the White Paper received a less favourable reaction from Sinn Féin, which campaigned for the UK to remain inside the EU.
Michelle O'Neill, Sinn Féin's leader north of the border, said the government is "acting in its own self-interest".
"It's clear the only credible approach is for the north to be designated a special status within, rather than outside of, the EU," she said.
The SDLP's Mark Durkan was also heavily critical of what he saw in it, saying it was "padded out with platitudes" and there was "not a lot of solid content".
The Foyle MP added that the government was going in the wrong direction and had set a route to Brexit with "no sat-nav, map or compass".
Both Sinn Féin and the SDLP want Northern Ireland to have special status after Brexit, but such a move has been ruled out by Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire, who believes it is the "wrong approach".
The Ulster Unionist MP Danny Kinahan welcomed the publication of the White Paper, saying that "clarity" is what constituents and businesses "deserve in order to best plan for the future".
He added: "Now that we know the government's intentions, we will work tirelessly to hold them to their commitment to ensure a frictionless border, protect the rights of UK citizens in EU member states and secure the best trade deal possible for Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK."
MPs backed the European Union Bill by 498 votes to 114 on Wednesday evening after two days of debate.
The DUP and the Ulster Unionists supported the bill, while the SDLP and independent unionist Lady Sylvia Hermon voted against it.
MPs will discuss the bill in more detail next week, when it reaches the committee stage in the Commons, and the Labour Party has vowed to force through amendments.

Bath, beaten by Saracens in last year's Premiership final, finished ninth this season, and went out at the group stage of the European Champions Cup.
Ford, who previously had a spell as England defence coach, had been tipped as one of the favourites to replace national boss Stuart Lancaster following his departure last November.
The 50-year-old only signed a new four-year deal at The Rec in September.
The former Saracens head coach guided Bath to the 2014 Challenge Cup final, losing to Northampton Saints, before achieving their highest league finish since 2004 last season.
"Over the four years Mike has been with the club, both he and the team under his guidance have achieved a huge amount," said Bath managing director Tarquin McDonald. "He has developed an exciting, attacking style of rugby and helped to develop exciting talent."
In April, England confirmed the appointment of Bath's first-team coach Neal Hatley to national boss Eddie Jones' backroom staff, as scrum coach.
Ford and Hatley's departures come after the retirement of captain Stuart Hooper last month, and four eventful years for the club under owner Bruce Craig.
Having taken over Bath after they finished eighth in the top flight in 2012, Ford led the Blue, Black and Whites to seventh and fifth-placed league finishes in 2013 and 2014 respectively, as well as a European final.
But his best season with the West Country side undoubtedly came the following season, as they reached the quarter-finals of the Champions Cup and the Premiership final.
Having lost 28-16 to champions Saracens at Twickenham, Ford's side could only finish third in their Champions Cup pool this term and won just nine of their 22 league matches, finishing 17 points below the play-off places.
Analysis - BBC Rugby Union reporter Chris Jones
"It's been a season to forget for Bath: ninth in the Premiership, off the pace in Europe, the highly disruptive Sam Burgess affair which left so many scars, Neal Hatley departing for England - not to mention Alafoti Fa'osiliva and Amanaki Mafi leaving the club under a cloud.
"Some may have felt Ford's achievements last year would have granted him at least another season to turn things around, but the rumblings of discontent at The Rec have been audible, and Bath owner Bruce Craig isn't renowned for his patience.
"As for Ford's successor, plenty of names will be linked from Heyneke Meyer to Stuart Lancaster, but it will be a surprise if there isn't a role in some shape or form for Stuart Hooper, the club captain who has just retired."