
Minuscule 203 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 203 (Soden), is a modern Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 12th century.


== Description ==
The codex contains the text of the New Testament (except Gospels) on 149 parchment leaves (size 21.5 cm by 29.5 cm), with some lacunae. The order of books: Pauline epistles, Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, Apocalypse. It contains non-biblical material at the end with a list of the errors condemned by the Seven Ecumenical Councils.It is written in one column per page, in 32-33 lines per page.It has Euthalian Apparatus.


== Text ==
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.


== History ==
The scribe of the codex was named Andreas.It was examined by Birch and Scholz. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886.It is currently housed at the British Library (Add. 28816), at London.


== See also ==
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Gregory, Caspar René (1900). Textkritik des Neuen Testaments. 1. Leipzig: J.C. Hinrichs'sche Buchhandlung. p. 167. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)


== External links ==
"Liste Handschriften". Münster: Institute for New Testament Textual Research. Retrieved 21 March 2013. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Minuscule 203 at the Encyclopedia of Textual Criticism
<|endoftext|>
Raheem Shaquille Rushan Hanley (born 24 February 1994) is professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Radcliffe. Born in England, he has represented Saint Kitts and Nevis internationally.
Hanley is an attacking left-back. He is also able to play in central midfield.


== Club career ==


=== Youth football ===
Hanley began his career at Fletcher Moss Rangers. He then moved onto Manchester United in 2004.


=== Blackburn Rovers/Swansea City ===
Hanley joined Blackburn Rovers from Manchester United following a successful trial in 2010. He initially struggled with injuries, before he played regular under-21 football in the centre of midfield during the 2011–12 season as the Academy reached the final of the FA Youth Cup and the Academy League National Final. At the end of the 2012–13 season, he was offered a new contract by the club, without making a single first team appearance.He joined Swansea City in January 2014. He signed a new one-year contract with the "Swans" in April 2015. At the end of the 2015–16 season, Hanley was released by the club, without making a single first team appearance.


=== Northampton Town ===
He signed a two-year contract with Northampton Town in June 2016. Hanley said that manager Rob Page convinced him that Northampton was the best place for him to advance his career, and promised to challenge David Buchanan for a first-team place.Hanley made his senior debut for the "Cobblers" after coming on as a 57th minute substitute for JJ Hooper in a 3–0 defeat to Wycombe Wanderers on 30 August 2016, in an EFL Trophy group stage match at Sixfields Stadium. However, Hanley spent the most of the season on the sideline, making 5 appearances in all competitions, as he was surplus to requirements at Northampton Town in his first season. At the end of the 2016–17 season, he was among four players to be placed on a transfer list.Ahead of the 2017–18 season, Hanley went on a trial with Oxford United and featured in a trial match. Although the move never happened, Hanley remained at the club and continued to remain surplus to requirements, though he appeared in the first team on four occasions. On 10 March 2018, Hanley was loaned out to Halifax Town for the rest of the season. He made his FC Halifax Town debut on 10 March 2018, in a 3–1 win over Woking. He went on to make 7 appearances for FC Halifax Town.
He was released by Northampton at the end of the 2017–18 season, following their relegation.


=== Chorley ===
After a little over one month at Connah's Quay Nomads, Chorley announced on 28 April 2019 by Twitter, that Hanley had joined the club until the end of the season.


=== Hereford ===
Hanley joined National League North club Hereford on 2 August 2019 after a successful trial period.


=== Mossley ===
He signed for Mossley in November 2019.


=== Radcliffe ===
In January 2020 he joined Radcliffe.


== International career ==
Hanley previously represented England U19, being called up for the first time in October 2012. He went on to earn 3 caps.Hanley's grandfather was from Saint Kitts and Nevis. In November 2018, he was called up to Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team and made his debut on 18 November 2018 in a CONCACAF Nations League qualifier against Canada, as a starter.


== Career Statistics ==
As of 25 September 2016.


== Personal life ==
In November 2015, Hanley was banned from driving for 14 months after being caught speeding by the police.


== References ==


== External links ==
England profile at The Football Association
Raheem Hanley at National-Football-Teams.com
<|endoftext|>

Hely is both a given name and a surname, and may refer to:


== Given name ==
Hely Ollarves (born 1981), Venezuelan athlete
Hely Yánes (born 1967), Venezuelan boxer


== Surname ==
Cuthbert Hely, English lutenist and composer
Frederick Augustus Hely (1794–1836), Australian public servant
Hovenden Hely (1823–1872), Australian explorer and politician
Sir John Hely (died 1701), English-born Irish judge
Peter Hely (1944–2005), Australian judge
Steve Hely, American writer
William Hely (1909–1970), Royal Australian Air Force officer


== See also ==
Healy (disambiguation)
Hely-Hutchinson
<|endoftext|>
Junko or Junco (じゅんこ, ジュンコ) is a feminine Japanese given name.


== Possible writings ==
Junko can be written using different kanji characters and can mean any of the following:

純子, "pure, child"
順子, "order, child"
淳子, "pure, child"
潤子, "rich/favor/wet, child"
準子, "conform, child"
洵子, "truth, child"The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.


== People ==
Junko (manga artist) (ぢゅん子), Japanese manga artist
Junko Abe (阿部純子, born 1993), Japanese actress
Junko Akimoto (秋元 順子, born 1947), Japanese singer
Junko Chodos (born 1939), Japanese-American contemporary artist
Junko Furuta (古田 順子, 1971–1989), Japanese torture and murder victim
Junko Hiramatsu (平松 純子, born 1942), Japanese former competitive figure skater
Junko Hirose (広瀬 順子, born 1990), Japanese Paralympic judoka
Junko Hori (堀 絢子, born 1942), Japanese actress and voice actress represented by Production Baobab
Junko Itō, American linguist
Junko Iwao (岩男 潤子, born 1970), Japanese voice actress
Junko Hirotani (広谷 順子, 1956–2020), Japanese singer
Junko Kubo (久保 純子, born 1972), Japanese television announcer
Junko Mihara (三原じゅん子, born 1964), Japanese actress
Junko Minagawa (純子), Japanese voice actress
Junko Miyashita (宮下 順子, born 1949), Japanese actress
Junko Mizuno (水野 純子, born 1973), Japanese manga artist
Junko Mori (森 純子, born 1974), Japanese metalwork sculptor
Junko Mori (composer) (森 潤子, born 1949), Japanese composer
Jungo Morita (森田 淳悟, born 1947), Japanese former volleyball player
Junko Nishida (西田 順子, born 1915), Japanese high jumper
Junko Noda (野田 順子, born 1971), Japanese voice actress
Junko Ogata (緒方 純子, born 1962), Japanese serial killer
Junko Okada (純子), Japanese voice actress
Junko Sakurada (桜田 淳子, born 1958), Japanese singer
Junko Sakurai (桜井 純子, born 1967), Japanese swimmer
Junko Shimakata (嶋方 淳子, born 1967), Japanese voice actress
Junko Tabei (田部井 淳子, 1939–2016), first woman to climb Mt. Everest
Junko Takeuchi (竹内 順子, born 1972), Japanese voice actress
Junko Tanaka (田中 順子, born 1973), Japanese synchronized swimmer
Junko Yagami (八神 純子, born 1958), Japanese singer-songwriter
Junko Yoshioka, New York City-based fashion designer


== Fictional characters ==
Ibara Junko, a fictional character in Megatokyo
Junko Enoshima (江ノ島 盾子), a fictional character and the main antagonist of the "Hope's Peak Academy" arc in Danganronpa
Junko Hattori (服部 絢子), a fictional character in the light novel series Ichiban Ushiro no Daimaou
Junko Konno, a character from the MAPPA idol anime series Zombie Land Saga
Junko Mochida (持田 潤子), a minor character in the hentai anime series Bible Black
Junko Saotome (早乙女淳子), a fictional character from Nana
Junko Takei (竹井醇子), a fictional character from Strike Witches
Junko Wallop, a fictional character in the animated television series Storm Hawks
Junko (純狐), boss character from Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom, a Touhou Project game
<|endoftext|>
W ABC was a program that converted files from Luxor ABC 80 and ABC 800 to PC compatible computers.
The program read and wrote ABC-floppies in the PC's diskette compartment. Besides pure file transfer some special file formats were converted. For example, ORD800-files (wordprocessing on ABC 800) could be translated to WordPerfect, Microsoft Word or Cicero files (Cicero was a word processor related to ORD800) while Kalkyl800-files were translated to something that could be read by Lotus 1-2-3 or the Microsoft Excel forerunner MultiPlan.
W ABC was written by Erik Lundh (Datorbokhandeln) and Jörn Rönnow.


== See also ==
ABC 80
ABC 800
<|endoftext|>
The Polish Socialist Party of the Prussian Partition, sometimes Polish Socialist Party in Prussia (Polish: Polska Partia Socjalistyczna Zaboru Pruskiego - German: Polnische Sozialistische Partei in Preußen) - was a Polish political party.
The party was founded in 1893 in Berlin by émigré members of the Polish Socialist Party. Until 1913, the party had formal links with the Social Democratic Party of Germany. Following the restoration of Polish statehood in 1919, the party merged with Polish Socialist Party.


== Notable members ==
Marcin Kasprzak
<|endoftext|>
Hirotaka Egusa (江草 仁貴, Egusa Hirotaka, born September 3, 1980 in Fukuyama, Hiroshima, Japan) is a Japanese Nippon Professional Baseball pitcher.
His wife is a former Japanese volleyball player Yoshie Takeshita.


== External links ==
Nippon Professional Baseball career statistics from JapaneseBaseball.com
<|endoftext|>
The National Planning Department Spanish: Departamento Nacional de Planeación is the executive administrative agency of Colombia in charge of defining, recommending and promoting public and economic policy.


== Mission ==
The National Planning Department has the mission of defining and promoting the establishment of a strategic vision of the country in the social, economic and environmental sectors through the design, orientation and evaluation of public policies in Colombia, the management and allocation of public investment, the definition of frameworks for the performance of the private sector and the realization of government plans, programs and projects.


== History ==
Chapter I, Article 3 of Law 19 of 1958 created the Administrative Department of Planning and Technical Services (Departamento Administrativo de Planeación y Servicios Técnicos), with the purpose of collecting, preparing, recommending and presenting information to the President to help carry out economic and public policy.
Law 19 also established the National Council on Economic Policy and Planning (Consejo Nacional de Política Económica y Planeación) as a council headed by the Administrative Department of Planning and Technical Services serving under the president to study and discuss the information presented by the Administrative Department, and to present it to the president for approval.
In 1968 structural changes were made to the Council and Department, transforming them into the National Council on Economic and Social Policy (Consejo Nacional de Política Económica y Social, CONPES ), and the now National Planning Department. The new changes gave the DNP a more prominent role in the decision making process and the establishment and direction of national economic plans.


== Presidential Development Plans ==
Starting in the 1970s, the DNP has elaborated economic plans with the purpose of establishment the direction of the National Economy with an emphasis in planning. These plans are made for each Presidential Term, with a clear plan for action in economic policy.
Economic and Social Development - Alberto Lleras Camargo (1961–1970)
Plans and Programs for Development - Carlos Lleras Restrepo (1969–1972)
The Four Strategies – Misael Pastrana Borrero (1970–1974)
To Close the Gap – Alfonso López Michelsen (1974–1978)
National Integration – Julio César Turbay Ayala (1978–1982)
Change with Equity – Belisario Betancur Cuartas (1982–1986)
Social Economy – Virgilio Barco Vargas (1986–1990)
The Peaceful Revolution – César Gaviria Trujillo (1990–1994)
The Social Jump – Ernesto Samper Pizano (1994–1998)
Change to Build Peace – Andrés Pastrana Arango (1998–2002)
Towards a Social State – Álvaro Uribe Vélez (2002–2006)
Social State: Development for All – Álvaro Uribe Vélez (2006–2010)
Prosperity For All - Juan Manuel Santos Calderón (2010–2014)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Zenata – Messali El Hadj Airport (IATA: TLM, ICAO: DAON) is a public airport located 17 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of Tlemcen, the capital of the Tlemcen province (wilaya) in Algeria. It is also known as Leïla Sebbar Airport.


== Facilities ==
The airport resides at an elevation of 248 metres (814 ft) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 07/25 with an asphalt surface measuring 2,600 by 45 metres (8,530 ft × 148 ft).


== Airlines and destinations ==


== Statistics ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Google Maps - Zenata
Etablissement de Gestion de Services Aéroportuaires d’Alger (EGSA-Alger)
Current weather for DAON at NOAA/NWS
Accident history for TLM at Aviation Safety Network
<|endoftext|>
The Byzantine army was the primary military body of the Byzantine armed forces, serving alongside the Byzantine navy. A direct continuation of the East Roman army, it maintained a similar level of discipline, strategic prowess and organization. It was among the most effective armies of western Eurasia for much of the Middle Ages. Over time the cavalry arm became more prominent in the Byzantine army as the legion system disappeared in the early 7th century. Later reforms reflected some Germanic and Asian influences – rival forces frequently became sources of mercenary units e.g.; Huns, Cumans, Alans and (following the Battle of Manzikert) Turks, meeting the Empire's demand for light cavalry mercenaries. Since much of the Byzantine military focused on the strategy and skill of generals utilizing militia troops, heavy infantry were recruited from Frankish and later Varangian mercenaries.
From the 7th to the 12th centuries, the Byzantine army was among the most powerful and effective military forces in the world – neither Middle Ages Europe nor (following its early successes) the fracturing Caliphate could match the strategies and the efficiency of the Byzantine army. Restricted to a largely defensive role in the 7th to mid-9th centuries, the Byzantines developed the theme-system to counter the more powerful Caliphate. From the mid-9th century, however, they gradually went on the offensive, culminating in the great conquests of the 10th century under a series of soldier-emperors such as Nikephoros II Phokas, John Tzimiskes and Basil II. The army they led was less reliant on the militia of the themes; it was by now a largely professional force, with a strong and well-drilled infantry at its core and augmented by a revived heavy cavalry arm. With one of the most powerful economies in the world at the time, the Empire had the resources to put to the field a powerful host when needed, in order to reclaim its long-lost territories.
After the collapse of the theme-system in the 11th century, the Byzantines grew increasingly reliant on professional Tagmata troops, including ever-increasing numbers of foreign mercenaries. The Komnenian emperors made great efforts to re-establish a native army, instituting the pronoia system of land grants in exchange for military service. Nevertheless, mercenaries remained a staple feature of late Byzantine armies since the loss of Asia Minor reduced the Empire's recruiting-ground, while the abuse of the pronoia grants led to a progressive feudalism in the Empire. The Komnenian successes were undone by the subsequent Angeloi dynasty, leading to the dissolution of the Empire at the hands of the Fourth Crusade in 1204.
The Emperors of Nicaea managed to form a small but effective force using the same structure of light and heavily armed troops, both natives and foreigners. It proved effective in defending what remained of Byzantine Anatolia and reclaiming much of the Balkans and even Constantinople itself in 1261. Another period of neglect of the military followed in the reign of Andronikos II Palaiologos, which allowed Anatolia to fall prey to an emerging power, the Ottoman emirate. Successive civil wars in the 14th century further sapped the Empire's strength and destroyed any remaining chance of recovery, while the weakening of central authority and the devolution of power to provincial leaders meant that the Byzantine army was now composed of a collection of militias, personal entourages and mercenary detachments.


== History ==
Just as what we today label the Byzantine Empire was in reality and to contemporaries a continuation of the Roman Empire, so the Byzantine army was an outgrowth of the Late Roman structure, which largely survived until the mid-7th century. The official language of the army for centuries continued to be Latin but this would eventually give way to Greek as in the rest of the Empire, though Latin military terminology would still be used throughout its history.
In the period after the Muslim conquests, which saw the loss of Syria and Egypt, the remainders of the provincial armies were withdrawn and settled in Asia Minor, initiating the thematic system. Despite this unprecedented disaster, the internal structures of the army remained much the same, and there is a remarkable continuity in tactics and doctrine between the 6th and 11th centuries. The Battle of Manzikert in 1071 and the subsequent Seljuk invasions, together with the arrival of the Crusades and the incursions of the Normans, would severely weaken the Byzantine state and its military, which increasingly had to rely on foreign mercenaries.


=== The army under Diocletian and Constantine ===

The Eastern Empire dates from the creation of the Tetrarchy ("Quadrumvirate") by the Emperor Diocletian in 293. His plans for succession did not outlive his lifetime, but his reorganization of the army did by centuries. Rather than maintain the traditional infantry-heavy legions, Diocletian reformed it into limitanei ("border") and comitatenses ("field") units.There was an expansion of the importance of the cavalry, though the infantry still remained the major component of the Roman armies, in contrast to common belief. In preparation for Justinian's African campaign of 533-534 AD, the army assembled amounted to 10,000-foot soldiers and 5,000 mounted archers and federate lancers.The limitanei and ripenses were to occupy the limes, the Roman border fortifications. The field units, by contrast, were to stay well behind the border and move quickly where they were needed, whether for offensive or defensive roles, as well as forming an army against usurpers. The field units were held to high standards and took precedence over Limitanei in pay and provisions.
Cavalry formed about one-third of the units, but as a result of smaller units, about one-quarter of the Roman armies consisted of cavalry. About half the cavalry consisted of heavy cavalry (including the stablesiani). They were armed with spear or lance and sword and armored in mail. Some had bows, but they were meant for supporting the charge instead of independent skirmishing.In the field armies there was a component of some 15% of cataphractarii or clibanarii, heavily armoured cavalry who used shock tactics. The light cavalry (including the scutarii and promoti) featured high amongst the limitanei, being very useful troops on patrol. They included horse archers (Equites Sagittarii). The infantry of the comitatenses was organized in regiments (variously named legiones, auxilia or just numeri) of about 500–1,200 men. They were still the heavy infantry of old, with a spear or sword, shield, body armour and a helmet. But now each regiment was supported by a detachment of light infantry skirmishers.If needed, the infantry could take off (some of) their armour to act in a more flexible way as Modares did (according to Zosimus) during the Gothic War of the 370s. The regiments were commanded by a tribunus ("tribune") and brigaded in pairs (cavalry units did, too) under a comes. These brigades probably were tactical and strategic units only, as no traces survive of brigade staff corps.
On the other hand, little is known of the limitanei. The old legions, cohorts and cavalry alae survived there, and newer units were created (the new legions, or auxilia and vexillationes, amongst the cavalry. The limitanei infantry may have been lighter-equipped than the comitatenses infantry, but there is no evidence whatsoever. They were paid less than the field troops and recruited locally. Consequently, they were of inferior quality. However, they were in the line of fire. They countered most incursions and raids. Thus, it can be assumed they had superior field experience (except in periods of long campaigning for the comitatenses), though that experience did not extend to large battles and sieges.
The Scholae Palatinae units, which were more properly known as the Schola Protectores Domestici and the "Protective Association of the Royal Escort" (also called the Obsequium), were the personal guard of the Emperor, and were created to replace the Praetorian Guard disbanded by Constantine I.
Following a major reorganisation of the Roman army during the Emperor Diocletian's reign (284-305 AD) the legions in the third and fourth century bore little resemblance to those of the Republic or earlier Roman empire.  Reduced in numbers to about 1,000 men per legion, these units became static garrison troops, sometimes serving on a part-time militia basis as hereditary limitanei. As such they were separate from the new mobile field army.


=== The army of Justinian I and his successors ===

The army of Justinian I was the result of fifth-century reorganizations to meet growing threats to the empire, the most serious from the expanding Persian empire. Gone were the familiar legions, cohorts and alae of old Rome, and in their place were small infantry battalions or horse regiments called an arithmos, tagma or numerus. A numerus had between 300 and 400 men and was commanded by a tribune. Two or more numeri formed a brigade, or moira; two or more brigades a division, or meros.There were six classifications of troops:

The guard troops stationed in the capital.
The comitatenses of the old Roman field armies. In Justinian's day these were more commonly called stratiotai. Regular soldiers of the Roman army, the stratiotai were chiefly recruited from subjects of the empire in the highlands of Thrace, Illyricum and Isauria.
The limitanei. The least changed element of the Roman army, limitanei still performed their traditional duties of guarding frontiers and garrisoning border posts. Like how the comitatenses were called stratiotai in the heyday of the Justinians, the limitanei were known as akritai by the mainly Greek-speaking subjects of the Eastern Empire. This terming of limitanei as akritai in Greek, led to folktales of the heroism of the limitanei/akritai, especially the popular tale of the hero Diogenes Akritas during the wars between the Byzantines and the various Arab Caliphates.
The foederati. They were a relatively new element in the army, recruited from the fifth century onwards from barbarian volunteers. They were formed into cavalry units under Roman officers. A ban on enlistments by Roman subjects was lifted in the sixth century, and their composition became mixed.
The Allies. These were bands of barbarians, Huns, Herules, Goths or others who were bound by treaty to provide the empire with military units commanded by their own chiefs, in return for land or yearly subsidy.
The bucellarii. The private armed retainers of generals, Praetorian Prefects, officers of lesser rank and the rich, the bucellarii were often a significant portion of a field army's cavalry force. The size of a retinue of bucellarii depended on the wealth of the employer. Their rank and file were called hypaspistai, or shield-bearers, and their officers, doryphoroi or spear-bearers. Doryphoroi took solemn oaths of fidelity to their patron and of loyalty to the emperor. One of the most noted generals of the period, Belisarius, had been a doryphoros in Justinian's retinue before his becoming emperor. The bucellarii were usually mounted troops, mostly Huns, Goths and mountaineers of Thrace or Asia Minor.The size of Justinian's army is unclear. Bury, writing in the 1920s, accepted the estimate of 150,000 troops of all classes in 559 given by Agathia of Myrina in his History. Modern scholars estimate the total strength of the imperial army under Justinian to be between 300,000 and 350,000 soldiers. Field armies generally had 15,000 to 25,000 soldiers and were formed mainly of comitatenses and foederati, reinforced by the commanders' retinues and barbarian allies. The expeditionary force of Belisarius during his reconquest of Carthage from the Vandals in 533 is illustrative.
This army had 10,000 comitatenses and foederati infantry, with 3,000 similarly composed cavalry. There were 600 Huns and 400 Herules, all mounted archers, and 1,400 or 1,500 mounted bucellarii of Belisarius' retinue. The small force of less than 16,000 men voyaged from the Bospherus to North Africa on 500 ships protected by 92 dromons, or war-ships.Tactics, organization and equipment had been largely modified to deal with the Persians.
The Romans adopted elaborate defensive armor from Persia, coats of mail, cuirasses, casques and greaves of steel for tagma of elite heavy cavalrymen called cataphracts, who were armed with bow and arrows as well as sword and lance.
Large numbers of light infantry were equipped with the bow, to support the heavy infantry known as scutatii (Meaning ″shield men″) or skutatoi. These wore a steel helmet and a coat of mail, and carried a spear, axe and dagger. They generally held the centre of a Roman line of battle. Infantry armed with javelins were used for operations in mountain regions.
Notable military events during the reign of Justinian included the battle of Dara in 530, when Belisarius, with a force of 25,000, defeated the Persian emperor's army of 40,000. In addition to his reconquest of Carthage, noted above, Belisarius also recaptured Sicily, Naples, Rome and the rest of Italy from the Goths in a war lasting from 535 to 554. Another famous commander of the time was the imperial eunuch Narses, who defeated a Gothic army at Busta Gallorum on the eastern coast of Italy in 552.
Towards the end of the sixth century, the Emperor Maurice, or senior officers writing for him, described in great detail the Byzantine army of the period in The Strategikon, a manual for commanders. Maurice, who reigned from 582 to 602, certainly had extensive military experience. In 592, he forced the Persians to sign a treaty that regained extensive Armenian territory for the empire that had been lost in earlier wars. Maurice then turned to the western frontier in the Balkans. In a war that lasted the rest of his life, he defeated the Avars and Slavs in battle, but could not gain a decisive victory.The Strategikon's author gives us a fair picture of the Byzantine army and its troops, including the equipment borrowed from the Herules, Goths, Slavs and especially the Avars, once barbarian enemies all. Cavalrymen should have "hooded coats of mail reaching to their ankles which may be drawn up by thongs and rings, along with carying cases." Helmets were to have small plumes on top and bows were to be suited to the strength of each man, their cases broad enough that strung bows can fit in them, and spare bow strings kept the men's saddle bags. The men's quivers should have covers and hold 30 or 40 arrows and they should carry small files and awls in their baldrics. The cavalry lances should be "of the Avar type with leather thongs in the middle of the shaft and with pennons." The men were also to have "swords and round neck pieces of the Avar type with linen fringes outside and wool inside." Young foreigners unskilled with the bow should have lances and shields and bucellary troops ought to have iron gauntlets and small tassles hanging from the back straps and neck straps of their horses, as well as small pennons hanging from their own shoulders over their coats of mail, "for the more handsome the soldier is, in his armament, the more confidence he gains in himself and the more fear he inspires in the enemy." Lances were apparently expected to be thrown, for the troops should have "two lances so as to have a spare in case the first one misses. Unskilled men should use lighter bows."The manual then describes horse gear and the trooper's clothing. "The horses, especially those of the officers and the other special troops, in particular those in the front ranks of the battle line, should have protective pieces of iron armor about their heads and breast plates of iron or felt, or else breast and neck coverings such as the Avars use. The saddles should have large and thick cloths; the bridles should be of good quality; attached to the saddles should be two iron stirrups, a lasso with thong, hobble, a sadle bag large enough to hold three or four days' rations when needed. There should be four tassels on the back strap, one on top of the head, and one under the chin.""The men's clothing," the Strategikon continues, "especially their tunics, whether made of linen, goat's hair or rough wool, should be broad and full, cut according to the Avar pattern, so they can be fastened to cover the knees while riding and give a neat appearance. They should also be provided with an extra-large cloak or hooded mantle of felt with broad sleeves to wear, large enough to wear over their armament, including the coat of mail and the bow."
"Each squad should have a tent, as well as sickles and axes to meet any contingency. It is well to have tents of the Avar type, which combine practicality with good appearance.""The men," according to The Strategikon, "should certainly be required to provide servants for themselves, slave or free ... Should they neglect this and find themselves without servants, then in time of battle it will be necessary to detail some of the soldiers themselves to the baggage train, and there will be fewer men fighting in the ranks. But if, as can easily happen, some of the men are unable to afford servants, then it will be necessary to require that three or four soldiers join in maintaining one servant. A similar arrangement should be made with the pack animals, which may be needed to carry the coats of mail and the tents."The manual then describes a system of unit identification that sounds like a fore-runner of medieval heraldry. The flags of a meros or division, should be the same color. The streamers of its immediate sub-units, the several moiras or brigades, should also have their own color.  Thus, the manual states, "each individual tagma, (battalion or squadron) may easily recognize its own standard. Other distinctive devices known to the soldiers should be imposed on the fields of the flags, so that they may easily be recognized according to meros, moira and tagma. The standards of the merarchs (meros commander) should be particularly distinctive and conspicuous, so they may be recognized by their troops at a great distance."The Strategikon deals more briefly with the infantry. They are to wear Gothic tunics "coming down to their knees or short ones split up the sides and Gothic shoes with thick soles, broad toes and plain stitching, fastened with no more than two clasps the soles studded with a few nails for greater durability." Boots or greaves are discouraged, "for they are unsuitable for marching and, if worn, slow one down. Their mantles should be simple, not like Bulgarian cloaks. Their hair should be cut short, and it is better if it is not allowed to grow long."The descriptions of the armament of the "heavy-armed infantrymen" are equally terse. "The men of each arithmos or tagma," the Strategikon tells us, "should have shields of the same color, Herulian swords, lances, helmets with small plumes and tassels on top and on the cheek plates - at least the first men in the file should have these - slings, and lead-pointed darts. The picked men of the files should have mail coats, all of them if it can be done, but in any case the first two in the file. They should also have iron or wooden greaves, at least the first and second in each file."The light-armed infantryman, still quoting the Strategikon, "should carry bows on their shoulders with large quivers holding about 30 or 40 arrows. They should have small shields, as well as crossbows with short arrows in small quivers. These can be fired a great distance with the bows and cause harm to the enemy. For men who might not have bows or are not experienced archers, small javelins or Slavic spears should be provided. They should also carry lead-pointed darts in leather cases, and slings."The strength of the Byzantine army and navy in 565 is estimated by Teadgold to have been 379,300 men, with a field army and part of the guards totaling 150,300, and the frontier troops, part of the guards and the oarsmen totaling 229,000. These numbers probably held through the reign of Maurice. However, the largest field army mentioned in the Strategikon is a force of 34,384 (16,384 heavy infantry, 8,000 light-armed troops and 10,000 cavalry) which is given as an example of "the past, when the legions were composed of large numbers of men." Writing of his own time, Maurice stipulates that an army of more than 24,000 men should be divided into four components and an army of less than 24,000 into three. In another section, Maurice describes the formation of cavalry tagmas of 300 to 400 men into morias of 2,000 to 3,000 and the morias into meros of 6,000 to 7,000.


=== The armies of the middle Byzantine period, 7th–11th centuries ===


==== The Themata ====

The themata (Gr. θέματα) were administrative divisions of the empire in which a general (Gr. στρατηγός, strategos) exercised both civilian and military jurisdiction and a Judge (Κριτής του Θέματος, Krites tou thematos) held the judicial power. The name is peculiar; Treadgold's closest guess is that thema was being used to denote "emplacements". Modern historians agree that the designations of the first themes came from the field armies that were stationed in Asia Minor.
The themata were organized as a response to the enormous military and territorial losses suffered during the conquests of the Muslim Rashidun Caliphate - Syria in 637, Armenia and Egypt in 639, North Africa in 652 and Cyprus in 654. Treadgold cites estimates that indicate the empire's population dropped from 19.5 million in 560 to 10.5 million in 641. At the same time the size of armed forces plunged from 379,300 men to 129,000.By 662, the empire had lost more than half its territory in 30 years, and the first mentions occur in surviving records of themata under the command of generals, or strategi, that are the remnants of the former mobile armies now stationed in set districts. At some later time, when payment in cash had become difficult, the soldiers were given land grants within their districts for their support.The dates of this process are uncertain, but Treadgold points to 659-662 as the most likely time-frame, as this is the period when the Emperor Constans II made a truce with the Arabs that gave the army time to regroup, the government ran out of money to pay the troops, and the empire's enormous losses of territory stopped. The themata so formed provided a bulwark against Arab invasions and raids that lasted until the late 11th century. Themata were also formed in the west, as a response to the Serb and Bulgar incursions that drove the empire's frontier from the Danube River south to Thrace and the Peloponnese.The five original themata were all in Asia Minor and originated from the earlier mobile field armies. They were:

the Armeniac Theme (Θέμα Άρμενιάκων, Thema Armeniakōn), first mentioned in 667, was the successor of the Army of Armenia. It occupied the old areas of the Pontus, Armenia Minor and northern Cappadocia, with its capital at Amasea
the Anatolic Theme (Θέμα Άνατολικῶν, Thema Anatolikōn), first mentioned in 669, was the successor of the Army of the East (Άνατολῆ). It covered central Asia Minor, and its capital was Amorium.
the Opsician Theme (Θέμα Ὀψικίου, Thema Opsikiou), first mentioned in 680, was where the imperial retinue (in Latin Obsequium), was established. It covered northwestern Asia Minor (Bithynia, Paphlagonia and parts of Galatia), and was based at Nicaea. Its commander bore the title of komēs ("count")
the Thracesian Theme (Θέμα Θρακησίων, Thema Thrakēsiōn), first mentioned in 680, was the successor of the Army of Thrace. It covered the central western coast of Asia Minor (Ionia, Lydia and Caria), with capital at Ephesos.
the corps of the Carabisiani (Kαραβησιάνοι, Karabēsianoi), first mentioned in 680, probably formed from the remnants of the Army of the Illyricum or the old quaestura exercitus. It occupied the southern coast of Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands, with its capital at Attaleia. It was a naval corps (κάραβις means "ship"), and its commander bore the title of droungarios. It was replaced with the Cibyrrhaeot Theme in the early 8th century.Within each theme, eligible men were given grants of land to support their families and to equip themselves. Following revolts strengthened by the large size of these divisions, Leo III the Isaurian, Theophilus, and Leo VI the Wise all responded by breaking the themes up into smaller areas and dividing control over the armies within each theme into various tourmai. The large early themes were progressively split up in the 8th–9th centuries to reduce their governors' power, while in the 10th century, new and much smaller themes, called "Armenian themes" because many were settled by Armenians, were created in the East in conquered territories. While in ca. 842 the Taktikon Uspensky lists 18 strategoi of themes, the De Thematibus of ca. 940 lists 28, and the Escorial Taktikon, written ca. 971–975, lists almost 90 strategoi of themes and other military commands.Sicily had been completely lost to the expanding Emirate of Sicily at the beginning of Constantine VII's reign in 905 and Cyprus was a condominium jointly administered with the Abbasid Caliphate until its reconquest by Nikephoros II Phokas in 965. Constantinople itself was under an Eparch and protected by the numerous tagmata and police forces.
The empire is estimated by Treadgold to have had a population of 7 million in 774, with an army and navy that totaled 118,400. This included 62,000 thematic troops in 10 themes (including 4,000 marines in the naval themes of Hellas and Cibyrrhaeot), 18,000 in six tagmas, and 38,400 oarsmen divided between the Imperial fleet and the naval themes. By 840, the population had grown by a million, while the army had expanded to a total strength of 154,600. There were 96,000 soldiers and marines in 20 themes and 24,000 in the tagmas, while the number of Imperial and thematic oarsmen declined to 34,200.Under the direction of the thematic strategoi, tourmarchai commanded from two up to four divisions of soldiers and territory, called tourmai. Under them, the droungarioi headed subdivisions called droungoi, each with a thousand soldiers. In the field, these units would be further divided into banda with a nominal strength of 300 men, although at times reduced to little more than 50. Again, the fear of empowering effective revolts was largely behind these subdivisions.
The following table illustrates the thematic structure as found in the Thracesian Theme, circa 902–936.


==== The Imperial tagmata ====

The tagmata (τάγματα, "regiments") were the professional standing army of the Empire, formed by Emperor Constantine V after the suppression of a major revolt in the Opsician Theme in 741–743. Anxious to safeguard his throne from the frequent revolts of the thematic armies, Constantine reformed the old guard units of Constantinople into the new tagmata regiments, which were meant to provide the emperor with a core of professional and loyal troops. They were typically headquartered in or around Constantinople, although in later ages they sent detachments to the provinces. The tagmata were exclusively heavy cavalry units and formed the core of the imperial army on campaign, augmented by the provincial levies of thematic troops who were more concerned with local defense.
The four main tagmata were:

the Scholai (Gr. Σχολαί, "the Schools"), the most senior unit, the direct successor of the imperial guards established by Constantine the Great.
the Exkoubitoi or Exkoubitores (Lat. Excubiti, Gr. Ἐξκούβιτοι, "the Sentinels"), established by Leo I.
the Arithmos (Gr. Ἀριθμός, "Number") or Vigla (Gr. Βίγλα, from the Latin word for "Watch"), promoted from thematic troops by the Empress Eirene in the 780s, but of far older ancestry, as the archaic names of its ranks indicate. By the reign of Nicephorus I (802-11) the Vigla had become a permanent part of the tagmata with responsibility for guarding the Sacred Palace and the Hippodrome in Constantinople. The regiment performed special duties on campaign, including guarding the imperial camp, relaying the Emperor's orders, and guarding prisoners of war.
the Hikanatoi (Gr. Ἱκανάτοι, "the Able Ones"), established by Emperor Nicephorus I in 810.There were also auxiliary tagmata, such as the Noumeroi (Gr. Νούμεροι), a garrison unit for Constantinople, which probably included the regiment "of the Walls" (Gr. τῶν Τειχέων, tōn Teicheōn), manning the Walls of Constantinople., and the Optimatoi (Gr. Ὀπτιμάτοι, "the Best"), a support unit responsible for the mules of the army's baggage train (the τοῦλδον, touldon).Treadgold estimates that between 773 and 899, the strength of the Schools, Excubitors, Watch and Hicanati was 16,000 cavalrymen, that of the Numera and Walls 4,000 infantry. The Optimates had 2,000 support troops until sometime after 840, when their strength was raised to 4,000. In circa 870, the Imperial Fleet Marines were founded, adding another 4,000, for a total active force of 28,000.There was also the Hetaireia (Gr. Ἑταιρεία, "Companions"), which comprised the various mercenary corps in Imperial service, subdivided in Greater, Middle and Lesser, each commanded by a Hetaireiarchēs
In addition to these more or less stable units, any number of shorter-lived tagmata were formed as favoured units of various emperors. Michael II raised the Tessarakontarioi, a special marine unit, and John I Tzimiskes created a corps called the Athanatoi (Gr. Ἀθάνατοι, the "Immortals") after the old Persian unit.


=== The army during the Komnenian dynasty ===


==== Establishment and successes ====

At the beginning of the Komnenian period in 1081, the Byzantine Empire had been reduced to the smallest territorial extent in its history. Surrounded by enemies, and financially ruined by a long period of civil war, the empire's prospects had looked grim. Yet, through a combination of skill, determination and years of campaigning, Alexios I Komnenos, John II Komnenos and Manuel I Komnenos managed to restore the power of the Byzantine Empire by constructing a new army from the ground up.
The new force is known as the Komnenian army. It was both professional and disciplined. It contained formidable guards units such as the Varangian Guard and the Immortals (a unit of heavy cavalry) stationed in Constantinople, and also levies from the provinces. These levies included cataphract cavalry from Macedonia, Thessaly and Thrace, and various other provincial forces from regions such as the Black Sea coast of Asia Minor.
Under John II, a Macedonian division was maintained, and new native Byzantine troops were recruited from the provinces. As Byzantine Asia Minor began to prosper under John and Manuel, more soldiers were raised from the Asiatic provinces of Neokastra, Paphlagonia and even Seleucia (in the south east). Soldiers were also drawn from defeated peoples, such as the Pechenegs (cavalry archers), and the Serbs, who were used as settlers stationed at Nicomedia.
Native troops were organised into regular units and stationed in both the Asian and European provinces. Komnenian armies were also often reinforced by allied contingents from the Principality of Antioch, Serbia and Hungary, yet even so they generally consisted of about two-thirds Byzantine troops to one-third foreigners. Units of archers, infantry and cavalry were grouped together so as to provide combined arms support to each other.
This Komnenian army was a highly effective, well-trained and well-equipped force, capable of campaigning in Egypt, Hungary, Italy and Palestine. However, like many aspects of the Byzantine state under the Komnenoi, its biggest weakness was that it relied on a powerful and competent ruler to direct and maintain its operations. While Alexios, John and Manuel ruled (c. 1081–c. 1180), the Komnenian army provided the empire with a period of security that enabled Byzantine civilization to flourish. Yet, at the end of the twelfth century the competent leadership upon which the effectiveness of the Komnenian army depended largely disappeared. The consequences of this breakdown in command were to prove disastrous for the Byzantine Empire.


==== Neglect under the Angeloi ====

In the year 1185, the emperor Andronikos I Komnenos was killed. With him died the Komnenos dynasty, which had provided a series of militarily competent emperors for over a century. They were replaced by the Angeloi, who have the reputation of being the most unsuccessful dynasty ever to occupy the Byzantine throne.
The army of the Byzantine empire at this point was highly centralised. It was dominated by a system in which the emperor gathered together his forces and personally led them against hostile armies and strongholds. Generals were closely controlled, and all arms of the state looked to Constantinople for instruction and reward.
However, the inaction and ineptitude of the Angeloi quickly lead to a collapse in Byzantine military power, both at sea and on land. Surrounded by a crowd of slaves, mistresses and flatterers, they permitted the empire to be administered by unworthy favourites, while they squandered the money wrung from the provinces on costly buildings and expensive gifts to the churches of the metropolis. They scattered money so lavishly as to empty the treasury, and allowed such licence to the officers of the army as to leave the Empire practically defenceless. Together, they consummated the financial ruin of the state.
The empire's enemies lost no time in taking advantage of this new situation. In the east the Turks invaded the empire, gradually eroding Byzantine control in Asia Minor. Meanwhile, in the west, the Serbs and Hungarians broke away from the empire for good, and in Bulgaria the oppressiveness of Angeloi taxation resulted in the Vlach-Bulgarian Rebellion late in 1185. The rebellion led to the establishment of the Second Bulgarian Empire on territory which had been vital to the empire's security in the Balkans.
Kaloyan of Bulgaria annexed several important cities, while the Angeloi squandered the public treasure on palaces and gardens and attempted to deal with the crisis through diplomatic means. Byzantine authority was severely weakened, and the growing power vacuum at the centre of the empire encouraged fragmentation, as the provinces began to look to local strongmen rather than the government in Constantinople for protection. This further reduced the resources available to the empire and its military system, as large regions passed outside central control.


=== Analysis of the Byzantine military collapse ===


==== Structural weaknesses ====
It was in this situation that the disintegration of the military 'theme' system, which had been the foundation of the empire's remarkable success from the eighth to eleventh centuries, revealed itself as a real catastrophe for the Byzantine state.
The first advantage of the theme system had been its numerical strength. It is thought that the Byzantine field army under Manuel I Komnenos (r. 1143–1180) had numbered some 40,000 men. However, there is evidence that the thematic armies of earlier centuries had provided the empire with a numerically superior force. The army of the theme of Thrakesion alone had provided about 9,600 men in the period 902–936, for example. Furthermore, the thematic armies had been stationed in the provinces, and their greater independence from central command meant that they were able to deal with threats quickly at a local level. This, combined with their greater numbers, allowed them to provide greater defense in depth.
The other key advantage of the theme system was that it had offered the Byzantine state good value for money. It provided a means of cheaply mobilising large numbers of men. The demise of the system meant that armies became more expensive in the long run, which reduced the numbers of troops that the emperors could afford to employ. The considerable wealth and diplomatic skill of the Komnenian emperors, their constant attention to military matters, and their frequent energetic campaigning, had largely countered this change. But the luck of the empire in having the talented Komnenoi to provide capable leadership was not a long-term solution to a structural problem in the Byzantine state itself.
After the death of Manuel I Komnenos in 1180, the Angeloi had not lavished the same care on the military as the Komneni had done, and the result was that these structural weakness began to manifest themselves in military decline. From 1185 on, Byzantine emperors found it increasingly difficult to muster and pay for sufficient military forces, while their incompetence exposed the limitations of the entire Byzantine military system, dependent as it was on competent personal direction from the emperor. The culmination of the empire's military disintegration under the Angeloi was reached on 13 April 1204, when the armies of the Fourth Crusade sacked Constantinople.


==== Conclusion ====
Thus, the problem was not so much that the Komnenian army was any less effective in battle (the thematic army's success rate was just as varied as that of its Komnenian counterpart); it is more the case that, because it was a smaller, more centralised force, the twelfth century army required a greater degree of competent direction from the emperor in order to be effective. Although formidable under an energetic leader, the Komnenian army did not work so well under incompetent or uninterested emperors. The greater independence and resilience of the thematic army had provided the early empire with a structural advantage that was now lost.
For all of the reasons above, it is possible to argue that the demise of the theme system was a great loss to the Byzantine empire. Although it took centuries to become fully apparent, one of the main institutional strengths of the Byzantine state was now gone. Thus it was not the army itself that was to blame for the decline of the empire, but rather the system that supported it. Without strong underlying institutions that could endure beyond the reign of each emperor, the state was extremely vulnerable in times of crisis. Byzantium had come to rely too much on individual emperors, and its continued survival was now no longer certain.
While the theme system's demise did play a major role in the empire's military decline, other factors were important as well. These include:

An increasing reliance on foreign mercenaries, which also contributed to the Byzantine Navy's decline.
A long, slow decay in the quality and prestige of the ordinary, non-elite Byzantine infantry.
A creeping Feudalism that helped to erode centralized administration.
Increasing emulation of Western (or Latin) weapons, equipment and warfare methods, beginning especially during the reign of Manuel I Komnenos.


=== Armies of the successor states and of the Palaeologi ===

After 1204 the emperors of Nicaea continued some aspects of the system established by the Komneni. However, despite the restoration of the empire in 1261, the Byzantines never again possessed the same levels of wealth, territory and manpower that had been available to the Komnenian emperors and their predecessors. As a result, the military was constantly short of funds. After the death of Michael VIII Palaiologos in 1282, unreliable mercenaries such as the grand Catalan Company came to form an ever larger proportion of the remaining forces.
At the fall of Constantinople in 1453, the Byzantine army totaled about 7,000 men, 2,000 of whom were foreign mercenaries. Against the 80,000 Ottoman troops besieging the city, the odds were hopeless. The Byzantines resisted the third attack by the Sultan's elite Janissaries and according to some accounts on both sides were on the brink of repelling them, but a Genoan general in charge of a section of the defense, Giovanni Giustiniani, was grievously wounded during the attack, and his evacuation from the ramparts caused a panic in the ranks of the defenders. Many of the Italians, who were paid by Giustiniani himself, fled the battle.
Some historians suggest that the Kerkoporta gate in the Blachernae section had been left unlocked, and the Ottomans soon discovered this mistake – although accounts indicate that this gain for the Ottomans was in fact contained by defenders and pushed back. The Ottomans rushed in. Emperor Constantine XI himself led the last defense of the city by himself. Throwing aside his purple regalia, he stood in front of the oncoming Ottoman Turks with sword and shield in hand.
The emperor was struck twice by the Turk troops, the mortal blow being a knife to his back. There, on the walls of Constantinople, alone and abandoned by his remaining troops, the emperor died. The fall of the Byzantine capital meant the end of the Roman empire. The Byzantine army, the last surviving direct descendant of the Roman legions, was finished.


=== Manpower ===
The exact size and composition of the Byzantine army and its units is a matter of considerable debate, due to the scantness and ambiguous nature of the primary sources. The following table contains approximate estimates. All estimates excludes the number of oarsmen, for those estimates see Byzantine navy.

According to Mark Whittow the military resources of the Byzantine Empire were broadly comparable to those of other early medieval European states. As such Byzantium may not have been wealthier or more powerful than other European states, but it was more centralized and more united, and this was a vital factor in its survival. By using various Byzantine sources he estimates the entire cavalry forces of the empire, between the 8th and 10th centuries, were somewhere just over 10,000 and the number of infantry 20,000, and argues that the numbers of soldiers in Byzantine units should be numbered in the hundreds and not thousands, and the army in thousands and not tens of thousands. This however is argued by Warren Treadgold to be a result of incorrect reading of sources, such as confusing detachments of legions for the entire legions. The empire had demonstrable continuity of government and administration from antiquity until 1204, and had demonstrated a high degree of organization and standardization. Treadgold's analysis of sources finds that they support a Byzantine army that was "large and tightly organized" until its dissolution in the crisis of the 11th century.  As such, the Middle Byzantine army was estimated to be significantly larger and was in no way comparable to contemporary Western European armies.Alexandru Madgearu cites an estimate of an army of 250,000 in 1025. Treadgold cites contemporary estimates of 80,000 in 773 and 120,000 in 840.


== Byzantine troop types ==


=== Cataphracts ===
In response to the Persians fielding heavy cavalry that proved unmatched in head-to-head combat, the Byzantines attempted to replicate these elite units, calling them "cataphracts". The word cataphract (from the Greek κατάφρακτος, kataphraktos, with a literal meaning of 'completely armored' in English) was what Greek- and later Latin-speaking peoples used to describe heavy cavalry. Historically, the cataphract was a heavily armed and armoured cavalryman who saw action from the earliest days of Antiquity up through the High Middle Ages. Originally, the term cataphract referred to a type of armour worn to cover the whole body and that of the horse. Eventually the term described the cavalryman himself. The cataphracts were both fearsome and disciplined. Similar to the Persian units on which they were based, both man and horse were heavily armoured, the riders equipped with lances, bows and maces. These troops were slow compared to other cavalry, but their effect on the battlefield, particularly under the Emperor Nikephoros II, was devastating. More heavily armoured types of cataphract were called clibanarii (klibanophoroi). Over time these stopped being a distinctive unit and were subsumed by the cataphracts.


=== Cavalry ===

The Byzantine cavalry were ideally suited to combat on the plains of Anatolia and northern Syria, which, from the seventh century onwards, constituted the principal battleground in the struggle against the forces of Islam. They were heavily armed using lance, mace and sword as well as strong composite bows which allowed them to achieve success against lighter, faster enemies, being particularly effective against both the Arabs and Turks in the east, and the Hungarians and Pechenegs in the west.
By the mid-Byzantine period (c900-1200) the regular mounted arm was broadly divided into katafraktoi (heavily armored and intended for shock action), koursorses (medium weight equipped with mail or scale armor) and lightly armed horse archers.


=== Infantry ===
The Byzantine Empire's military tradition originated in the late Roman period, and its armies always included professional infantry soldiers. That being said, in the middle period especially infantry took a backseat to the cavalry, now the main offensive arm of the army. Equipment varied significantly, among the theme infantry most especially, but an average infantryman of the middle period would be equipped with a spear, sword or axe, plumbata (lead-weighted darts), large oval or triangular shield, metal helmet or thick felt cap, and quilted or leather armour. Wealthier soldiers might be able to afford iron lamellar or even chain mail, but these were generally the preserve of the cavalry and officers; many military manuals of the 10th and 11th centuries do not even mention infantry wearing these being a possibility. Byzantine infantry were relatively lightly armored compared to their earlier Roman predecessors, their strength coming from their exceptional organization and discipline, not being clad in iron.


=== Pronoiars ===
Pronoiar troops began to appear during the twelfth century, particularly during the reign of the emperor Manuel I Komnenos (1143–1180). These were soldiers paid in land instead of money, but they did not operate under the old theme system of the middle Byzantine period. Pronoiai developed into essentially a license to tax the citizens who lived within the boundaries of the grant (the paroikoi). Pronoiars (those who had been granted a pronoia) became something like tax collectors, who were allowed to keep some of the revenue they collected.
These men are therefore generally considered to have been the Byzantine equivalent of western knights: part soldiers, part local rulers. However, it is important to note that the emperor was still the legal owner of the Pronoiars' land. Usually cavalry, pronoiars would have been equipped with mail armour, lances, and horse barding. Manuel re-equipped his heavy cavalry in western style at some point during his reign; it is likely that many of these troops would have been pronoiars. These troops became particularly common after 1204, in the service of the Empire of Nicaea in western Asia Minor.


=== Akritoi ===

Akrites (plural Akritoi or Akritai) were defenders of the Anatolian borders of the Empire. They appeared after either the Arab conquests, or much later when Turkish tribes raided Anatolia from the east. The Akritoi units were formed from native Greeks living near the eastern borders. Whether such men were really soldier-farmers or lived on rents from smallholdings while concentrating on their military duties is still a matter of debate. The Akritoi were probably mostly light troops, armed with bows and javelins.
They were most adept at defensive warfare, often against raiding Turkish light horsemen in the Anatolian mountains, but could also cover the advance of the regular Byzantine army. Their tactics probably consisted of skirmishing and ambushes in order to catch the fast-moving Turkish horse-archers. Greek folklore and traditional songs of the Byzantine era to the 19th century heavily feature Akrites and their (always exaggerated) deeds (see acritic songs).


== Foreign and mercenary soldiers ==

The Byzantine army frequently employed foreign mercenary troops from many different regions. These troops often supplemented or assisted the empire's regular forces; at times, they even formed the bulk of the Byzantine army. But for most of the Byzantine army's long history, foreign and military soldiers reflected the wealth and might of the Byzantine empire, for the emperor who was able to gather together armies from all corners of the known world was formidable.
Foreign troops during the late Roman period were known as the foederati ("allies") in Latin, and during the Byzantine period were known as the Phoideratoi (Gr. Φοιδεράτοι) in Greek. From this point, foreign troops (mainly mercenaries) were known as the Hetairoi (Gr. Ἑταιρείαι, "Companionships") and most frequently employed in the Imperial Guard. This force was in turn divided into the Great Companionships (Μεγάλη Εταιρεία), the Middle Companionships (Μέση Εταιρεία), and the Minor Companionships (Μικρά Εταιρεία), commanded by their respective Hetaireiarches – "Companionship lords". These may have been divided upon a religious basis separating the Christian subjects, Christian foreigners, and non-Christians, respectively.


=== Barbarian tribes ===
During the beginning of the 6th century, several barbarian tribes who eventually destroyed the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century eventually were recruited in the armies of the Eastern Roman Empire. Among them were the Heruli, who had deposed the last Western Roman Emperor Romulus Augustulus under their leader Odoacer in 476. Other barbarians included the Huns, who had invaded the divided Roman Empire during the second quarter of the 5th century under Attila, and the Gepids, who had settled in the Romanian territories north of the Danube River.
It was these same barbarian mercenaries that Emperor Justinian had used to help his legions reclaim the lost Roman territories of the West, which including Italy, North Africa, Sicily, and Gaul. The Byzantine general Belisarius used Hunnic archers and Heruli mercenaries in his army to reclaim North Africa and the Balearic Islands from the Vandals, and in 535–537, he recruited Heruli infantry and Hunnic horsemen to help him secure Sicily and all of southern Italy, as well as defend the city of Rome from the Ostrogoths.
In 552, the Armenian general Narses defeated the Ostrogoths with an army that contained a large number of Germanic soldiers, including 3,000 Heruli and 400 Gepids. Two years later, Narses crushed a combined army of invading Franks and Alemanni with a Roman army that including a contingent of Heruli mercenary troops.
Additionally, during the Komnenian period, the mercenary units would simply be divided by ethnicity and called after their native lands: the Inglinoi (Englishmen), the Phragkoi (Franks), the Skythikoi (Scythians), the Latinikoi (Latins), and so on. Even Ethiopians served during the reign of Theophilos. These mercenary units, especially the Skythikoi, were also often used as a police force in Constantinople.


=== Varangian guard ===
The most famous of all Byzantine regiments was the legendary Varangian Guard. This unit traced its roots to the 6,000 Rus sent to Emperor Basil II by Vladimir of Kiev in 988. The tremendous fighting abilities of these axe-wielding, barbarian Northerners and their intense loyalty (bought with much gold) established them as an elite body, which soon rose to become the Emperors' personal bodyguard. This is further exemplified by the title of their commander, Akolouthos (Ακόλουθος, "Acolyte/follower" to the Emperor).
Initially the Varangians were mostly of Scandinavian origin, but later the guard came to include many Anglo-Saxons (after the Norman Conquest) as well. The Varangian Guard fought at the Battle of Beroia in 1122 with great distinction, and were present at the Battle of Sirmium in 1167, in which the Byzantine army smashed the forces of the Kingdom of Hungary. The Varangian Guard is thought to have been disbanded after the sack of Constantinople by the forces of the Fourth Crusade in 1204; nearly all contemporary accounts agreed that they were the most important Byzantine unit present and were instrumental in driving off the first Crusader assaults.


== Byzantine weapons ==

The Byzantines originally used weapons developed from their Roman origins, short swords, spears, javelins, darts, slings and bows etc. However they were gradually influenced by the weapons of their Turkish and Arab neighbors, adopting the use of the composite bow and the cavalry mace
There were many sword (xiphos) types; straight, curved, one- and two-handed, which are depicted in illustrations. According to the Strategika, by the sixth century the short Roman gladius had been abandoned in favor of a long two-edged sword, the spathion, used by both the infantry and cavalry. The tenth century Sylloge Tacticorum gives the length of this kind of sword as the equivalent of 94 cm and mentions a new saber-like sword of the same length, the paramerion, a curved one-edged slashing weapon for cavalrymen. Both weapons could be carried from a belt or by a shoulder strap.
Infantrymen and cavalrymen carried spears for thrusting and javelins for throwing. Cavalrymen of the sixth and seventh century wielded lances with a thong in the middle of the shaft (Avar style) and a pennant. Infantrymen's spears (kontaria) in the tenth century were 4–4.5 meters long (cavalry lances were slightly shorter) with an iron point (xipharion, aichme).
One type of spear, the menaulion, is described in detail; it was very thick, taken whole from young oak or cornel saplings and capped by a long blade (45–50 cm), for use by especially strong infantrymen (called menaulatoi after their weapon) against enemy kataphraktoi - an excellent example of a weapon and a type of specialized soldier developed for a specific tactical role. Both light infantry and cavalry carried javelins (akontia, riptaria) no longer than three meters.
Maces (rabdia) and axes (pelekia, tzikouria) served as shock weapons. The tenth century kataphraktoi carried heavy all-iron maces (siderorabdia) – six-, four- or three-cornered – to smash their way through enemy infantry. Infantrymen used maces and battle-axes in hand-to-hand combat; the two handed axe was the preferred weapon of the mercenaries from Rus' and Varangian Guard of the tenth and eleventh centuries. Byzantine axes were single-bladed (rounded or straight edged), sometimes with a spike opposite the blade.
The sling (sphendone) and the bow (toxon) were the weapons used by light soldiers. Slings were the ordinary hand-held type; the Roman staff sling (fustibalis) was apparently little used. The Byzantine bow, like the late Roman bow, was the composite, reflex type featuring an unbendable horn grip with the reinforced wooden bowstave slung in reverse of the bow's natural flex when unstrung.
A bowshot (flight, not target, range) is over three hundred meters for an infantry bow, but cavalry bows, standing 1.2 meters high, were smaller and less tightly strung for greater accuracy and ease of handling, they had a flight range of 130–135 meters. The solenarion is a hollow tube through which an archer could launch several small arrows (mues, i.e., "mice") at a time; Anna Komnene remarked that the Crusader's Western-type crossbow, which she called a tzangra, was unknown to Byzantium before the 12th century.


=== Evidence for weapons ===
Representational evidence, including propaganda monuments, gravestones, tombs, and the Exodus fresco, often shows Roman soldiers with one or two spears; one tombstone shows a soldier with five shorter javelins. Archaeological evidence, from Roman burials and Scandinavian bog-deposits, shows similar spearheads, though the shafts are rarely preserved.Representational evidence sometimes still shows Roman swords. Archaeological evidence shows that the gladius has disappeared; various short semispathae supplement the older pugiones while medium-long spathae replace the medium-short gladii. These have the same straight double-edged blades as older Roman swords.Representational evidence and recovered laths, as well as arrowheads and bracers, show Roman use of composite bows.


=== Evidence for shields ===
Representational evidence, recovered bosses, and some complete shields from Dara, show that most Roman infantry and some Roman cavalry carried shields.


=== Evidence for armor ===

Although the representational evidence, including gravestones and tombs, often shows soldiers without armor, the archaeological evidence includes remains of lamellar, mail, and helmets.


== Byzantine military philosophy ==

Unlike the Roman legions, the Byzantine army's strength was in its armoured cavalry Cataphracts, which evolved from the Clibanarii of the late empire. Its type of warfare and tactics were evolving from the Hellenistic military manuals and the Infantry were still used but mainly in support roles and as a base of maneuver for the cavalry.


== Major battles of the Byzantine Empire ==


=== Early Byzantine period ===
Battle of Callinicum (531)
Battle of Tricamarum (533)
Battle of Taginae (552)
Battle of Nineveh (627)
Battle of Mu'tah (629)
Battle of Firaz (634)
Battle of Ajnadayn (634)
Battle of Fahl (635)
Battle of Yarmouk (636)
Battle of the Iron Bridge (637)
Battle of Ongal (680)
Battle of Carthage (698)
Siege of Constantinople (717–718)


=== Middle Byzantine period ===
Battle of Pliska (811)
Battle of Boulgarophygon (896)
Battle of Achelous (917) (917)
Battle of Arcadiopolis (970)
Battle of Kleidion (1014)
Battle of Manzikert (1071)
Battle of Dyrrhachium (1081)
Battle of Levounion (1091)
Siege of Nicaea (1097)
Battle of Beroia (1122)
Battle of Sirmium (1167)
Battle of Myriokephalon (1176)
Battle of Arcadiopolis (1194)


=== Late Byzantine period ===
Battle of Antioch on the Meander (1211)
Battle of Pelagonia (1259)
Battle of Pelekanon (1329)
Fall of Constantinople (1453)


== See also ==
Byzantine battle tactics
Byzantine bureaucracy
East Roman army
Roman navy


== References ==


=== Notes ===


=== Primary sources ===
Notitia Dignitatum, an early 5th-century document, describing the disposition of the legions in both Western and Eastern Roman Empire
The Strategikon, a military handbook of the late 6th century, attributed to the Emperor Maurice
De Administrando Imperio, a government handbook of the 10th century, attributed to the Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus
Three Treatises on Imperial Military Expeditions, also attributed to Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus and ed. by John Haldon and others


=== Bibliography ===


=== Historiography ===
Messenger, Charles. Reader's Guide to Military History. (2001) pp 74–77.


== Further reading ==


== External links ==
De re militari.org – The Society for Medieval Military History
Byzantine army page on servinghistory.com
<|endoftext|>
The National Certification Commission for Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine (NCCAOM) is a non-profit organization in the United States that aims to "establish, assess, and promote recognized standards of competence and safety in acupuncture and Oriental medicine for the protection and benefit of the public."


== Overview ==
The NCCAOM is a member of the National Organization for Competency Assurance (NOCA).  Its certification programs are accredited by the National Commission for Certifying Agencies (NCCA).
Several examinations are offered by the NCCAOM on many of the major branches, skills, and techniques of Oriental Medicine.  Most states in the US require passing of one or more of these tests in order become a licensed practitioner of the associated techniques.
California has its own unique process for licensing handled through the State of California Acupuncture Board (SCAB).


== History ==
The NCCAOM was established in 1982 as a non-profit organization.  It is governed by a Board of Commissioners with seven practitioner members and three public members.
Prior to 1997, the organization was called "the National Commission for the Certification of Acupuncturists (NCCA)".
The following is quoted from the official NCCAOM website:
"The first NCCAOM Comprehensive Written Examination (CWE) in Acupuncture (ACP) was given in March 1985. It was developed during a three-year period with the help of leading acupuncturists throughout the nation. During the development period the NCCAOM followed national guidelines for certification and testing in order to ensure a fair, valid, and reliable examination. The administration of the first examination was a milestone event in the growth of the profession in the United States.
The Practical Examination of Point Location Skills (PEPLS) was added as a component of NCCAOM’s Acupuncture Examination in September 1989. The Clean Needle Technique (CNT) portion was added to the acupuncture written examination two years later. The separately scored CNT examination was merged into the Comprehensive Written Examination in Acupuncture in 1998.
In 1989, the profession asked the NCCAOM to develop a certification program measuring entry-level competency in the practice of Chinese herbology. After three years of research, the organization opened the Credentials Documentation Review (CDR) period for Certification in Chinese Herbology. The first national Comprehensive Written Examination in Chinese Herbology was given in April 1995.
The NCCAOM developed a third certification program in response to requests from the profession. NCCAOM Certification in Asian Bodywork Therapy (ABT) was offered in 1996 through Credentials Documentation Review. CDR for certification in Asian Bodywork Therapy closed in December 1997. The first Comprehensive Written Examination in ABT was given in October 2000.
In December 2003, the NCCAOM began to offer a certification program in Oriental medicine, an umbrella program offering an applicant the opportunity to demonstrate competence in the full range of the Oriental medicine branches.  Certificants of this distinct program earned the designation of Diplomate in Oriental Medicine (Dipl.OM)."


== See also ==
Regulation of acupuncture


== References ==


== External links ==
http://www.nccaom.org
<|endoftext|>
Small Time Gangster is an Australian comedy series produced by Boilermaker-Burberry Entertainment for Movie Extra subscription television channel. It also screened on SBS One in 2013.The series follows the adventures of Tony Piccolo, a man who works hard to support his wife Cathy and two kids. While they think he's cleaning carpets, his real profession is as an underworld enforcer, a brutal standover man.


== Cast ==
Steve Le Marquand as Tony Piccolo
Sacha Horler as Cathy Piccolo
Geoff Morrell as Les
Gia Carides as Darlene
Gary Sweet as Barry Donald
Fletcher Humphrys as Steve
Jared Daperis as Charlie Donald
Nicole Gulasekharam as Melanie Piccolo
Samuel Johnson as Gary
Sean Rees-Wemyss as Matthew Piccolo
Kevin Hofbauer as Dean


== Season 1 (2011) ==


== See also ==
List of Australian television series
Mr Inbetween


== References ==


== External links ==
Small Time Gangster at IMDb
Australian Television Information Archive
Boilermaker Pty Ltd
<|endoftext|>
Interleukin 3 receptor, alpha (low affinity) (IL3RA), also known as CD123 (Cluster of Differentiation 123), is a human gene.


== Function ==
The protein encoded by this gene is an interleukin 3 specific subunit of a heterodimeric cytokine receptor. The receptor is composed of a ligand specific alpha subunit and a signal transducing beta subunit shared by the receptors for interleukin 3 (IL3), colony stimulating factor 2 (CSF2/GM-CSF), and interleukin 5 (IL5). The binding of this protein to IL3 depends on the beta subunit. The beta subunit is activated by the ligand binding, and is required for the biological activities of IL3. This gene and the gene encoding the colony stimulating factor 2 receptor alpha chain (CSF2RA) form a cytokine receptor gene cluster in a X-Y pseudoautosomal region on chromosomes X or Y.


== Interactions ==
IL3RA has been shown to interact with Interleukin 3.


== See also ==
Cluster of differentiation


== References ==


== Further reading ==


== External links ==
IL3RA+protein,+human at the US National Library of Medicine Medical Subject Headings (MeSH)This article incorporates text from the United States National Library of Medicine, which is in the public domain.
<|endoftext|>
Wang Tifu (Simplified Chinese: 王替夫) was a Chinese diplomat for Manchukuo. He worked for the Legation of Manchukuo in Germany from 1938 to 1944 in Berlin as the secretary of Minister Lü Yiwen (吕宜文). During his tenure, he used his authority to help the Jewish refugees in Germany. He issued about 12,000 Manchukuo visas to the Jewish people between the spring of 1939 and May 1940 to allow them to cross Manchukuo in order to flee from the Holocaust.


== Early life ==
Wang Tifu was born in 1911 in a small village in Jilin. His family moved to Jilin City when he was 10 years old. He studied English in an elementary school there and Russian in a middle school. After graduating from high school, he enrolled in Harbin Institute of Technology. In opposition to his father's plan for him to study engineering, he went on to study law instead. While in university, Wang also studied Japanese and German. His proficiency in five languages enabled him to open a translation agency for extra cash during the study.


== Mukden Incident ==
On September 18, 1931, Japan initiated the Mukden Incident and occupied Manchuria. This inspired Wang Tifu to join the patriotic movement with other university students. As a part of the movement, they visited a heroic figure, Ma Zhanshan, a Chinese general who actively resisted the Japanese occupation of Manchuria. Wang and several students took a photo with Ma after the visit, but the photo was by chance reviewed by the Japanese military official. The Japanese military was angry about students' patriotic sentiments, and they later arrested and imprisoned the students present in that photo, including Wang Tifu.In the prison, Wang's linguistic ability caught the attention of the Japanese officials because he could speak Japanese proficiently. They approached Wang to persuade him to work with Japan; under the threat of death Wang was forced to cooperate with the Japanese, although he expressed shame for having done so.


== Life as a diplomat ==
In December 1932, Wang was appointed as a diplomat at the Consulate-General of Manchukuo in Chita, the Soviet Union. He was the secretary of the Consul General Li Yuan (李垣). He spent several years in Chita and returned to Manchukuo in 1936.
In September 1936, Wang began his new position in the Representative Office of Manchukuo in Dalian. His main duty was to issue visas to those who wanted to enter Manchukuo.
In late 1938, the Japanese reassigned Wang to the Legation of Manchukuo in Germany. His position was the secretary of the minister. In February, 1939, Wang accompanied Minister Lü Yiwen to present the credentials to Hitler. In the luncheon, Hitler said that he was interested in the soybeans in Manchukuo and hoped to develop a trade relationship between the two countries.From 1941 to 1943, Wang also visited Romania, Bulgaria, Hungary and Slovakia with Minister Lü to present the credentials.


== Visa issuance ==
Jewish people under the ruling of Nazi Germany were to be treated indiscrimentally. In 1938, the Kristallnacht  reflected the extent of unpopularity of Jewish presence in Germany. At that time, one way to escape from the atrocity was to travel to the U.S.; however, Jewish people could not directly go to U.S. from Germany. They must travel to Manchukuo first, and then they had to go to Shanghai and depart from Shanghai to the U.S. Entering Manchukuo required a valid visa, and Wang Tifu's duty was to issue Manchukuo visas to applicants. Between the spring of 1939 and May 1940, he roughly issued 12,000 visas to Jewish people.In mid-1939, German Minister of Foreign Affairs Joachim von Ribbentrop met with Lü Yiwen and required Manchukuo to issue visas for the Jewish people who wanted to leave Germany for the U.S. This action was a part of the plan that eliminated the existence of Jewish people in Germany. Minister Lü was unpleasant with this unexpected request from Germany, but he appointed Wang to take in charge of this task. For Wang Tifu, he accepted the task without hesitation and believed that it was a relief for him as he has witnessed the German atrocities against Jewish people and he felt sympathetic towards them.On June 10, 1939, Wang started to issue visas with his assistant. He recalled that he only had one thought in his mind at that time: Issuing as many visas as possible; after two months, he had issued over 7,000 visas.One day in September 1939, Lü Yiwen told Wang that the process of visa issuance should cease now as a word from Ribbentrop. Wang did not follow this instruction and insisted on issuing visas because he understood the consequences faced by Jewish people. He persuaded the Minister not to give up the chance of saving more lives. Wang and Lü then decided to secretly issue visas to more Jewish people. Their diplomatic identity could help them to be immune from Gestapo's arrest.Since the work became underground, the number of visas being issued every month dropped dramatically. Sometimes Wang could only issue less than a hundred visas a week, and from October 1939 to May 1940, Wang had issued another 5,000 visas to Jewish people.In June 1940, Lü asked Wang to accompany him to visit some European countries and present the credentials. Thus, the visa issuance work also stopped at this point.


== After the war ==
In July 1944, Wang Tifu finished his work as a diplomat in Germany and returned to Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo, after several weeks of travelling. He was appointed a position in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Manchukuo, but this position was terminated in August 1945 following the surrender of Japan. Shortly thereafter, the Soviet army entered Hsinking and started to maintain its control of the city. Wang Tifu was treated kindly by the Russian at first because of his significant position in the Manchukuo government and his brilliant linguistic skill. When the Kuomintang arrived at Hsinking for the power transition, Chiang Ching-kuo told Wang that his past contribution to the restoration of order in former Manchukuo could reduce the penalty of being a traitor to work for Japan.However, in November 1945, Wang was arrested by the Soviet authority in Hsingking. He was accused of committing espionage during his stay in Chita from 1932 to 1936. Although he did not admit the accusation, the Soviet Union decided to send him to the labor camp in Chita. On the day of departure, Wang found that many fellows were former Manchukuo government officials. He later spent 12 years in the Soviet Union and was released in 1956.
After returning to China, he used most of his time to tutor students studying foreign languages for free.


== Personal relationships ==
Chiune Sugihara interviewed Wang when Wang applied for the diplomatic position of the Manchukuo government. Chiune Sugihara was a Japanese diplomat in Lithuania who also saved thousands of Jewish people during the WWII by issuing Japanese visas.


== Appearance in literature ==
From Heidelberg to Shanghai  by Jay-Chung Chen. ISBN 978-1543747201.


== See also ==
Chiune Sugihara
Fugu Plan
Ho Feng-Shan
History of the Jews in China


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Juan'ya Green (born February 8, 1992) is an American basketball player for Al Sadd of the Qatari Basketball League. He completed his college career in 2016 after having split his career playing for Niagara University and Hofstra University. Green went unselected in the ensuing 2016 NBA draft.


== High school career ==
A native of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Green's played his prep years at Archbishop John Carroll High School. He had a successful career and garnered a number of awards and records, including: leaving as the school's all-time leading scorer (1,492 points); being named to the first-team All-Catholic League, all-city, and all-state honors as a senior; being named the Delco Times and Mainline Player of the Year as a senior; he was also named the Catholic League Co-Player of the Year in 2011; Green led Patriots to the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association Class AAA state championship in 2009; and he also earned All-American honorable mention honors from Max Preps as a junior.


== College career ==
Green began his college career playing for Niagara University. He and close childhood friend Ameen Tanksley had grown up talking about playing college basketball together, and they both fulfilled that promise by deciding to play for head coach Joe Mihalich. Green powered Niagara to good seasons in 2011–12 and 2012–13, where the Purple Eagles won the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference (MAAC) regular season championship in the latter year. In 2011–12, Green was named the MAAC Rookie of the Year and was voted to the all-MAAC third-team. CollegeInsider.com named him their national freshman of the year. In the championship season, he moved up to become a first-team all-conference selection as just a sophomore. When Mihalich took a new head coaching job at Hofstra University following 2012–13, both Green and Tanksley decided to follow him to the new school. Green has already scored 1,131 points at Niagara, but due to NCAA regulations, he and Tanksley had to redshirt the 2013–14 season at Hofstra due to being transfer players.Green became eligible to play for the Pride upon the 2014–15 season and made an immediate impact. He averaged 17.1 points per game and was named a first-team all-Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) player. Hofstra named him their winner of the annual James M. Shuart Award, given to the school's male student-athlete of the year. Despite his personal success on the court, the team itself struggled to 10 wins, largely due to fallout from a scandal the year before that had preceded Mihalich's tenure. The following year, Green's senior season, Hofstra went 14–4 in CAA play and shared the regular season championship with UNC Wilmington. His 17.8 points per game ranked second in the CAA, while his 7.1 assists per game ranked first in the conference and sixth nationally; Green also ranked third in the CAA with 1.6 steals per game. On December 28, 2015, he recorded the first triple-double in Hofstra history after compiling 15 points, 10 rebounds, and 10 assists against LIU Brooklyn. Less than six weeks later, on February 7, 2016, Green made history again. He scored his 1,000th career point in a Hofstra uniform, becoming just the fourth men's basketball player in NCAA Division I history to score 1,000 points at two different schools. Toward the end of the season Green was named the Colonial Athletic Association Player of the Year and received 35 out of 40 possible votes. Among other national honors, the Associated Press named Green to the honorable mention All-America team. Green left Hofstra with 1,186 points (22nd in school history as of his graduation), 463 assists (sixth in program history), and the single-season assists record holder after he accumulated 243 in 2015–16. Overall, Green finished his college career with 2,317 points, 773 assists, 531 rebounds, and 230 steals.


== Professional career ==
Green went undrafted in the 2016 NBA draft despite his college success. He started his pro career with the newly promoted to the Greek Basket League club Kymis.


== Footnotes ==
a Others include Joe Manning (Oklahoma City / North Texas), Kenny Battle (Northern Illinois / Illinois), and Gary Neal (La Salle / Towson). At the time Manning played for Oklahoma City it was still classified as a Division I school by the NCAA.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
All Saints’ Church, Matlock Bank is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Matlock, Derbyshire.


== History ==
A mission room and school was designed by Mr. Skedward of Sheffield and opened on 17 August 1875 by Captain Augustus Arkwright, M.P.
The mission room was quickly found to be inadequate, so funds were raised for the construction of a new church. The foundation stone was laid on 31 August 1882 by Mr. F.C. Arkwright J.P. of Willersley Castle, in the presence of the Bishop of Lichfield. and the church was built to the designs of the architect, Thomas Henry Healey of Bradford.
The church was opened by the Bishop of Lichfield on Easter Tuesday, 15 April 1884 and formally consecrated by the Bishop of Southwell, Rt. Revd. George Ridding on 17 September 1884The original plan was to construct a much larger church, but only the chancel and part of the nave were completed. A west front was added in 1958.


== Stained glass ==
The church is noted for its stained glass windows, with an east window designed by Edward Burne-Jones of 1905 and a sequence of north aisle windows by Heaton, Butler and Bayne of 1907.


== Parish status ==
The church is in a joint parish with 

Holy Trinity Church, Tansley


== Organ ==
The pipe organ was built by Forster and Andrews and opened on 15 December 1886 by Thomas Barker Mellor of All Saints' Church, Bakewell. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Acanthastrea echinata, commonly known as the starry cup coral, is a species of corals in the family Lobophylliidae. It is a wide-ranging species found from the western Indian Ocean, throughout the Pacific Ocean, and eastward to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean. It can inhabit any reef habitat to depths of 50 m. This species, which may become threatened with the global decline of coral reefs, is a popular coral used in aquariums.


== Description ==
A. echinata colonies crustlike to very thick and reach up to about a meter across. The thick-walled, circular corallites are cerioid or subplocoid. The septa have large teeth. The skeleton is covered with a folded fleshy tissue. They are usually dull in color, coming in shades of gray, brown, or green, but some can be bright and colorful. They are a uniform color or mottled.


== Conservation ==
This is a very widespread coral and the most common species in genus Acanthastrea. Like other corals, it is threatened by the overall loss of reef habitat, but its abundance makes it resilient as a species. It is also tolerant of a variety of reef habitat conditions, growing successfully at a range of depths and light levels. It is harvested from the wild for use in aquariums.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Talajim (Persian: تلاجيم‎, also Romanized as Talājīm) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 7 families.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Epicauta sublineata is a species of blister beetle in the family Meloidae. It is found in Central America and North America.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
<|endoftext|>
Association Sportive des Forces Armées Nigériennes or simply AS FAN is  a Nigerien football club based in Niamey and operated by the Nigerien Armed Forces (the FAN). They play at the stade du camp Bagagi Iya, a small stadium in one of Niamey's military bases, although larger matches are played at the stade Général Seyni Kountché. Their current club president is Army Lieutenant Colonel Djibrilla Hima Hamidou (called Colonel "Pélé").


== History ==
ASFAN has won the Niger League Championship (today's Niger Premier League) only twice: in 1971 and 1975.The club has reached the Coupe Nationale of Niger final only once: defeating Liberté FC  3–1 on 3 August 1995.  From this win they qualified for the 1996 Coupe de l'Union des fédérations de football ouest-africaines (UFOA Cup).  Reaching the final on 8 December 1996, ASFAN defeated East End Lions from Freetown, Sierra Leone, making them the only Nigerien football club to have won an international competition.In 2009 they played in the Niger Premier League. They have entered the top national league every year since 2001, when they were one of fourteen clubs to boycott the championship over the relegation of Zumunta AC. In 2004 the championship was canceled.Notable former players include Mâazou Ouwo, transferred in January 2008 to Sporting Lokeren in Belgium, who in 2009 moved to CSKA Moscow. ASFAN reportedly received 327 million FCFA for 2008 transfer fees.In late 2008, they were chosen to compete in the 2009 African Confederation Cup in place of AS Police, who won both the Cup and League in 2008.  As no system was previously in place, the Nigerien Football Federation chose 2008 League runners up ASFAN over Akokana Arlit, 2008 Cup finalists.


== Achievements ==


=== National ===
Niger Premier League: 51971, 1975, 2010, 2016, 2017.Niger Cup: 31995, 2009, 2010.Niger Super Cup: 12010.


=== Regional ===
West African Club Championship: 11996.


== Performance in CAF competitions ==
CAF Champions League: 3 appearances2011 – Preliminary round
2017 – Preliminary round
2018 – In progressCAF Confederation Cup: 2 appearances2009 – Preliminary round
2010 – Quarter-finals


== References ==

Niger Premier League, 2008. RSSSF Foundation.
<|endoftext|>
Michael Donal "Donal" McCarthy (4 June 1908 – 31 January 1980) was an Irish academic, public servant, university administrator, hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-back for the Cork senior teams.
Born in Midleton, County Cork, McCarthy first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Rockwell College. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty when he first linked up with the Cork senior football team. He joined the senior panel during the 1928 championship. McCarthy later became a regular member of the hurling team as well, and won one All-Ireland medal.At club level McCarthy was a two-time championship medallist with Collegians. He also played with Carrigtwohill
Throughout his career McCarthy made one championship appearances. He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1929 championship.


== Early life and education ==
Born in Midleton, County Cork in 1908, McCarthy was educated at Midleton CBS Secondary School before later attending Rockwell College. He was later awarded a first class honours degrees in Bachelor of Arts (mathematics and mathematical physics) at University College Cork in 1928 and an MSc (Mathematical Science) in 1934. He was awarded a PhD in
Statistics in 1938.


== Playing career ==


=== Colleges ===
During his schooling at Rockwell College, McCarthy established himself as a key member of the senior hurling team. In 1924 he won a Harty Cup medal following a 7-3 to 3-4 defeat of Limerick CBS.


=== University ===
While studying for a  Maths degree at University College Cork, McCarthy was an automatic inclusion for the Collegians hurling and football teams. In 1928 he was a key member of both senior teams. A huge 10-5 to 2-0 defeat of arch rivals University College Dublin secured a Fitzgibbon Cup medal, while the same opposition were accounted for by 3-3 to 1-5 to take the Sigerson Cup title.
The following year McCarthy won a second Fitzgibbon Cup medal following a narrow 8-1 to 7-2 defeat of UCD once again.


=== Club ===
McCarthy first enjoyed success in the club championship as a member of the University College Cork senior football team. In 1927 he won his first championship medal as UCC defeated Macroom by 3-3 to 1-0.
University College Cork retained their title in 1928. A 1-6 to 0-2 defeat of Duhallow United gave McCarthy a second and final championship medal.


=== Inter-county ===
McCarthy first played for Cork as a member of the senior football team. He joined the senior panel in 1928 and won a Munster medal as a non-playing substitute following a 4-3 to 0-4 defeat of Tipperary.
In 1929 McCarthy was drafted onto the Cork senior hurling panel. He collected a Munster medal as a non-playing substitute as Cork made it four-in-a-row following a 4-6 to 2-3 defeat of Waterford. On 1 September 1929 Cork faced Galway in the All-Ireland final for the second successive year. Little had changed in a year as Cork were on the top of their game again. A rout ensued as "the Rebels" and McCarthy, who came on as a substitute, claimed an All-Ireland medal.


== Academic career ==
McCarthy joined the Statistics Branch of the Department of Industry and Commerce in 1930. In 1931 he joined University College Cork as a lecturer in mathematics and was appointed to the Chair of Mathematical Physics in 1944. He joined the newly established Central Statistics Office as Deputy Director in 1949 and became Director in 1957. McCarthy was chairperson of the UN Statistical Commission (a
functional commission of the UN Economic and Social Council) from 1960 to 1964. In 1966 he was appointed Director of the Economic and Social Research Institute. McCarthy was appointed President of University College Cork in 1967 and retired on his 70th birthday in 1978.


== Personal life ==
McCarthy was married to Margaret "Pearl" Mulhall and together they had four children: Fionnghuala, Donagh, Brian and Kevin. McCarthy died on 30 January 1980.


== Honours ==


=== Player ===
Rockwell CollegeDr. Harty Cup (1): 1924University College CorkCork Senior Football Championship (2): 1927, 1928
Sigerson Cup (1): 1928
Fitzgibbon Cup (2): 1928, 1929CorkAll-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship (1): 1929
Munster Senior Hurling Championship (1): 1929 (sub)
Munster Senior Football Championship (1): 1928 (sub)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Histone deacetylase 2 (HDAC2) is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the HDAC2 gene.  It belongs to the histone deacetylase class of enzymes responsible for the removal of acetyl groups from lysine residues at the N-terminal region of the core histones (H2A, H2B, H3, and H4). As such, it plays an important role in gene expression by facilitating the formation of transcription repressor complexes and for this reason is often considered an important target for cancer therapy.Though the functional role of the class to which HDAC2 belongs has been carefully studied, the mechanism by which HDAC2 interacts with histone deacetylases of other classes has yet to be elucidated. HDAC2 is broadly regulated by protein kinase 2 (CK2) and protein phosphatase 1 (PP1), but biochemical analysis suggests its regulation is more complex (evinced by the coexistence of HDAC1 and HDAC2 in three distinct protein complexes). Essentially, the mechanism by which HDAC2 is regulated is still unclear by virtue of its various interactions, though a mechanism involving p300/CBP-associated factor and HDAC5 has been proposed in the context of cardiac reprogramming.Generally, HDAC2 is considered a putative target for the treatment for a variety of diseases, due to its involvement in cell cycle progression. Specifically, HDAC2 has been shown to play a role in cardiac hypertrophy, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, acute myeloid leukemia (AML), osteosarcoma, and stomach cancer.


== Structure and Mechanism ==

HDAC2 belongs to the first class of histone deactylases. The active site of HDAC2 contains a Zn2+ ion coordinated to the carbonyl group of a lysine substrate and a water molecule. The metallic ion facilitates the nucleophilic attack of the carbonyl group by a coordinated water molecule, leading to the formation of a tetrahedral intermediate. This intermediate is momentarily stabilized by hydrogen bond interactions and metal coordination, until it ultimately  collapses resulting in the deacetylation of the lysine residue.The HDAC2 active site consists of a lipophilic tube which leads from the surface to the catalytic center, and a 'foot pocket' containing mostly water molecules. The active site is connected to Gly154, Phe155, His183, Phe210, and Leu276. The footpocket is connected to Tyr29, Met35, Phe114, and Leu144.


== Function ==
This gene product belongs to the histone deacetylase family. Histone deacetylases act via the formation of large multiprotein complexes and are responsible for the deacetylation of lysine residues on the N-terminal region of the core histones (H2A, H2B, H3 and H4). This protein also forms transcriptional repressor complexes by associating with many different proteins, including YY1, a mammalian zinc-finger transcription factor. Thus, it plays an important role in transcriptional regulation, cell cycle progression and developmental events.


== Disease Relevance ==


=== Cardiac Hypertrophy ===
HDAC2 has been shown to play a role in the regulatory pathway of cardiac hypertrophy. Deficiencies in HDAC2 were shown to mitigate cardiac hypertrophy in hearts exposed to hypertrophic stimuli. However, in HDAC2 transgenic mice with inactivated glycogen synthase kinase 3beta (Gsk3beta), hypertrophy was observed at a higher frequency. In mice with activated Gsk3beta enzymes and HDAC2 deficiencies, sensitivity to hypertrophic stimulus was observed at a higher rate. The results suggest regulatory roles of HDAC2 and GSk3beta.Mechanisms by which HDAC2 responds to hypertrophic stress have been proposed, though no general consensus has been met. One suggested mechanism puts forth casein kinase dependent phosphorylation of HDAC2, while a more recent mechanism suggests acetylation regulated by p300/CBP-associated factor and HDAC5.


=== Alzheimer's Disease ===
It has been found that patients with Alzheimer's disease experience a decrease in the expression of neuronal genes. Furthermore, a recent study found that inhibition of HDAC2 via c-Abl by tyrosine phosphorylation prevented cognitive and behavioral impairments in mice with Alzheimer's disease. The results of the study support the role of c-Abl and HDAC2 in the signaling pathway of gene expression in patients with Alzheimer's disease.  Currently, efforts to synthesize an HDAC2 inhibitor for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease are based on a pharmacophore with four features: one hydrogen bond acceptor, one hydrogen bond donor, and two aromatic rings.


=== Parkinson's Disease ===
HDAC inhibitors have been regarded as a potential treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, such as Parkinson's disease. Parkinson's disease is usually accompanied by an increase in the number of microglial proteins in the substantia nigra of the brain. In vivo evidence has shown a correlation between the number of microglial proteins and the upregulation of HDAC2. It is thought therefore that HDAC2 inhibitors could be effective in treating microglial-initiated loss of dopaminergic neurons in the brain.


=== Cancer Therapy ===
The role of HDAC2 in various forms of cancer such as osteosarcoma, gastric cancer, and acute myeloid leukemia have been studied. Current research is focused on creating inhibitors that decrease the upregulation of HDAC2.


== Interactions ==
Histone deacetylase 2 has been shown to interact with:


== See also ==
Histone deacetylase


== References ==


== Further reading ==


== External links ==
HDAC2+protein,+human at the US National Library of Medicine Medical Subject Headings (MeSH)
FactorBook HDAC2
Overview of all the structural information available in the PDB for UniProt: Q92769 (Histone deacetylase 2) at the PDBe-KB.
<|endoftext|>
The English Benedictine Congregation (abbr. EBC) unites autonomous Roman Catholic Benedictine communities of monks and nuns and is technically the oldest of the 18 congregations that are affiliated in the Benedictine Confederation.


== History and administration ==
The EBC claims technical canonical continuity with the congregation erected by the Holy See in 1216, which survived in hiding and retreat during and after the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1535–40.
At the beginning of the 21st century the EBC has Houses in the United Kingdom, the United States, South America and Africa.
Every four years the General Chapter of the EBC elects an Abbot President from among the Ruling Abbots with jurisdiction, and those who have been Ruling Abbots. He or she is assisted by a number of officials, and periodically undertakes a Visitation of the individual Houses. The purpose of the Visitation is the preservation, strengthening and renewal of the religious life, including the laws of the Church and the Constitutions of the congregation. The President may require by Acts of Visitation, that particular points in the Rule, the Constitutions and the law of the Church be observed.
The current Abbot President is Abbot Christopher Jamison, former Abbot of Worth Abbey.


== Houses ==


=== Houses of the Congregation in exile ===


=== Houses of the present Congregation ===


==== United Kingdom ====
Ampleforth Abbey, fdd 1608 at Dieulouard
Belmont Abbey, fdd 1859
Buckfast Abbey, fdd 1882
Colwich Abbey (nuns), fdd 1651 in Paris
Curzon Park Abbey (nuns), fdd 1868
Douai Abbey, fdd 1615 in Paris
Downside Abbey, fdd 1607 in Douai
Ealing Abbey, fdd 1897
Stanbrook Abbey (nuns), fdd 1625 in Cambrai
Worth Abbey, fdd 1933


===== Defunct =====
Fort Augustus Abbey, fdd 1630 at Lamspringe, closed in 1998


==== United States ====
Portsmouth Abbey, fdd 1918
Saint Louis Abbey, fdd 1955
Saint Anselm's Abbey, fdd 1923


==== Peru ====
Priory of the Incarnation, fdd 1981 in Tambogrande, from 2006 in Pachacamac and from May 2018 transferred to Lurín, in the buildings of the former Cistercian nunnery


==== Zimbabwe ====
Monastery of Christ the Word, fdd 1996


== See also ==
Sexual abuse scandal in the English Benedictine Congregation


== Sources ==
History of the EBC
 Religiosus Ordo, The Apostolic Letter of Pope Leo XIII of 12 November 1889, concerning the modification of the government and discipline of the EBC – with an outline of EBC history since the 16th century
The Benedictine Yearbook 2005


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
The Twiste is a river of Hesse and of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the most important tributary of the Diemel, which it joins in Warburg. Its largest tributaries are the Erpe, Watter, Aar and Wande.


== See also ==
List of rivers of Hesse
List of rivers of North Rhine-Westphalia


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Bernard Ollivier (born 1938) is a French journalist and writer, known in particular for his travel stories, and founder of an association for the reintegration of young people through walking.


== Life ==
Born in Manche, Ollivier led a career as a political and economic journalist. After he retired, he decided both to devote himself to writing and to walk to Santiago de Compostela, then undertook a long 12,000 km walk from Istanbul to Xi'an along the silk road. As a writer, he publishes short stories including a collection on the homeless, detective novels, but also stories of his travels. The success of his works enabled him to later found the Seuil association for the reintegration of young people in difficulty through walking.


== Publications ==
Longue marche : à pied de la Méditerranée jusqu'en Chine par la route de la soie, Phébus, 4 volumes, volume I, Traverser l'Anatolie (2000); volume II, Vers Samarcande (2001); volume III, Le vent des steppes (2003). (Prix Joseph-Kessel 2001).
Nouvelles d’en bas, 2001, Fiction about the homeless in the métro. 
L’allumette et la bombe, 2007, essay on the suburbs after the 2005 French riots and description of the methods of his association
Carnets d’une longue marche, 2005, watercolors by François Dermaut, and texts by Bernard Ollivier, about the silky road.
Aventures en Loire, Phébus, 2009, on a 1000 km trip by foot and canoe along the river Loire.
La vie commence à 60 ans, 2012
Histoire de Rosa qui tint le monde dans sa main, 2013
Sur le chemin des ducs : la Normandie à pied, de Rouen au Mont-Saint-Michel, 2013
Marche et invente ta vie : adolescents en difficulté, ils se reconstruisent par une marche au long cours, Arthaud, 2015


=== Bibliography ===
Marianne Payot (2012). "Aventures en Loire, par Bernard Ollivier". L'Express (in French).
Gérard Albouy (2001). "Bernard Ollivier, pas à pas sur les Routes de la Soie". Le Monde (in French).
Jean-Pierre Perrin (2001). "La vie devant soie". Libération (in French).
Josyane Savigneau (2001). "Nouvelles d'en bas, de Bernard Ollivier". Le Monde (in French).


== References ==


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
Azwan bin Muhamad Saleh (born 6 January 1988) is a Bruneian footballer who plays for DPMM FC as a midfielder or left-sided full-back. His patronym is sometimes erroneously written as Salleh.


== Club career ==
Azwan first played club football with QAF FC in the B-League Premier I, gaining his first international appearances while his team was sent to represent the national team for regional qualifying tournaments of the likes of AFC Challenge Cup and the AFF Championship. He transferred to the under-21 team of DPMM in 2007, initially playing as a striker. He played deeper in midfield as the 2007-08 season progressed, which would be the final season DPMM played in Malaysia. Moving to the Singaporean S.League in 2009 with his club, he was a key player for Vjeran Simunić who deployed him on the left side of DPMM's midfield. Their season was ended abruptly due to FIFA's suspension of Brunei, but not before winning the League Cup.Azwan was loaned to Indera SC in 2010 while his parent club were barred from playing in the S.League. The ban was lifted in 2012 and DPMM retained Azwan who started in their first game back against Tampines Rovers. They replicated their League Cup success that year, with Azwan scoring a direct free-kick in the final.Due to the emergence of namesake Azwan Ali Rahman from 2014, Azwan switched to a more defensive role, surrendering the number 7 shirt in 2015. He played in 15 games, half of them substitute appearances as DPMM won their first S.League title. He scored his first league goal in 3 years against Geylang International on 5 August via a long-distance shot with his weaker right foot.


== International career ==
Azwan was a member of the Brunei Under-21s for the 2007 Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy held in his home country. He also played for the Under-23s at the 2011 SEA Games in Indonesia.
Azwan holds the record number of appearances, with 26 caps to his name. His debut came in the 2006 AFC Challenge Cup in a 0–1 loss against Sri Lanka in Bangladesh. He scored on two occasions in AFF Suzuki Cup qualifying, one against Timor-Leste in 2008, the other against Cambodia in 2012.
Azwan was appointed captain of the national team for the two-legged 2018 World Cup qualifier against Chinese Taipei. The team went down 0–2 at home after an encouraging 1–0 win at Kaohsiung. Azwan joined up with the Wasps for the 2016 AFF Suzuki Cup qualification held in Cambodia in October 2016. With Najib Tarif injured since the first game, he was placed at left-back in the third game against Laos which ended in a 4–3 loss.Azwan started the first match of the 2016 AFC Solidarity Cup in central midfield against Timor-Leste in Kuching, Malaysia. The match ended 4–0 to the Wasps in their biggest victory of date. He played a total of four games for the Wasps at central midfield in the tournament.
Azwan was in line for an international recall in June 2019 for the 2022 World Cup qualification matches against Mongolia, but made himself unavailable due to unspecified reasons.


== International goals ==


== Honours ==


=== Team ===
DPMM FCS.League: 2015
Singapore Premier League: 2019
Singapore League Cup (3): 2009, 2012, 2014


== External links ==
Azwan Saleh at National-Football-Teams.com
Azwan Saleh at Soccerway
Azwan Muhamad Saleh on Instagram


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
A bonded warehouse, or bond, is a building or other secured area in which dutiable goods may be stored, manipulated, or undergo manufacturing operations without payment of duty.  It may be managed by the state or by private enterprise.  In the latter case a customs bond must be posted with the government.  This system exists in all developed countries of the world.
Upon entry of goods into the warehouse, the importer and warehouse proprietor incur liability under a bond. This liability is generally cancelled when the goods are:

exported; or deemed exported;
withdrawn for supplies to a vessel or aircraft in international traffic;
destroyed under Customs supervision; or
withdrawn for consumption domestically after payment of duty.While the goods are in the bonded warehouse, they may, under supervision by the customs authority, be manipulated by cleaning, sorting, repacking, or otherwise changing their condition by processes that do not amount to manufacturing.  After manipulation, and within the warehousing period, the goods may be exported without the payment of duty, or they may be withdrawn for consumption upon payment of duty at the rate applicable to the goods in their manipulated condition at the time of withdrawal.  In the United States, goods may remain in the bonded warehouse up to five years from the date of importation. Bonded warehouses provide specialized storage services such as deep freeze or bulk liquid storage, commodity processing, and coordination with transportation, and are an integral part of the global supply chain.


== Types of bonded warehouses ==
Depending on the country or region, there are various options for the storage of goods in a bonded warehouse.


=== Temporary storage premises (RTO) ===
Temporary storage premises offer the possibility of storing goods that enter the customs territory of the EU awaiting further customs-approved use or treatment.


=== Type B customs warehouse ===
The type B customs warehouse is a public customs warehouse. This means that the administrator (warehouse keeper) can make the premises available to anyone that wants to store goods under customs control. It is also known as Public Customs Bonded Warehouses. Certain examples of TypeB customs warehouse in Asian countries are Central Warehousing Corporation, Concor, State Warehousing Corporation, DHL Public Bonded Warehouses, Contegrate Entrepot Public Bonded Warehouses, Allcargo Custom Bonded Warehouses and many more. Type B Warehouses are licensed by the concerned Customs authorities to act as custodian and escrow to store goods till Duty is paid by the importers.


=== Type C customs warehouse ===
A type C customs warehouse is a private customs warehouse. This means that only the administrator of the customs warehouse (warehouse keeper) can store goods in it, either their own goods or goods stored on behalf of others, the warehouse keeper remaining responsible to Customs for the goods kept in storage. The warehouse keeper is also the person who has to provide security to Customs. Type C warehouses are importer-specific warehouses wherein goods of only the specific licensed importers may be stored in the warehouse. Such warehouses are also called as Private Bonded Warehouses.


=== Type D and E customs warehouses ===
Type D and E customs warehouses are private customs warehouses, which means that only the administrator (warehouse keeper) is allowed to store goods in them.


=== Free warehouse ===
A Public Bonded Warehouse is a building or premises guarded and locked by Customs. Within this building or these premises, anyone can store goods.


=== Special economic zone or Free zone ===
Unlike a free warehouse, a special economic zone is not a building or premises, but a location. This location is a geographical area which has been carefully charted and recorded.  Sometimes these areas are known as bonded logistics parks.


=== Implementation ===
Depending on different countries, it is difficult to choose what kind of warehouse should be chosen for different situations, for example, goods may be entered for temporary warehouse and afterwards for consuming locally or they may be transported out-bound to another country and are placed in warehouse for a while, or they are entered for warehouse waiting for retailers to transfer them.
Under such a complex circumstances, many importers and exporters try to use automation to help manage issues in bonded warehouse which, to some extent, can respond rapidly to customer orders and dispatch products


=== Aircraft and Ship stores ===
Bonded store is place where they place those items which are not declared either serviceable or un-serviceable.


== History ==

Previous to the establishment of bonded warehouses in England the payment of duties on imported goods had to be made at the time of importation, or a bond with security for future payment given to the revenue authorities. The inconveniences of this system were many:

It was not always possible for the importer to find sureties, and he had often to make an immediate sale of the goods, in order to raise the duty, frequently selling when the market was depressed and prices low.
The duty, having to be paid in a lump sum, raised the price of the goods by the amount of the interest on the capital required to pay the duty.
Competition was stifled from the fact that large capital was required for the importation of the more heavily taxed articles.To obviate these difficulties and to put a check upon frauds on the revenue, Robert Walpole proposed in his "excise scheme" of 1733, the system of warehousing for tobacco and wine. The proposal was unpopular, and it was not until 1803 that the system was actually adopted. That year, imported goods were to be placed in warehouses approved by the customs authorities, and importers were to give bonds for payment of duties when the goods were removed.
The Customs Consolidation Act 1853 dispensed with the giving of bonds, and laid down various provisions for securing the payment of customs duties on goods warehoused. These provisions are contained in the Customs Consolidation Act 1876, and the amending statutes, the Customs and Inland Revenue Act 1880, and the Revenue Act of 1883. The warehouses are known as "king's warehouses", and section 284 of the Customs Consolidation Act defined them as "any place provided by the crown or approved by the commissioners of customs, for the deposit of goods for security thereof, and the duties due thereon".
By section 12 of the act, the treasury may appoint warehousing ports or places, and the commissioners of customs may from time to time approve and appoint warehouses in such ports or places where goods may be warehoused or kept and fix the amount of rent payable in respect of the goods. The proprietor or occupier of every warehouse so approved (except existing warehouses of special security in respect of which security by bond has hitherto been dispensed with), or some one on his behalf, must, before any goods be warehoused therein, give security by bond, or such other security as the commissioners may approve of, for the payment of the full duties chargeable on any goods warehoused therein, or for the due exportation thereof (s. 13).
All goods deposited in a warehouse, without payment of duty on the first importation, upon being entered for home consumption, are chargeable with existing duties on like goods under any customs acts in force at the time of passing such entry (section 19). The act also prescribes various rules for the unshipping, landing, examination, warehousing and custody of goods, and the penalties on breach. The system of warehousing has proved of great advantage both to importers and purchasers, as the payment of duty is deferred until the goods are required, while the title deeds, or warrants, are transferable by endorsement.
While the goods are in the warehouse ("in bond") the owner may subject them to various processes necessary to fit them for the market, such as the repacking and mixing of tea, the racking, vatting, mixing and bottling of wines and spirits, the roasting of coffee, the manufacture of certain kinds of tobacco, etc., and certain specific allowances are made in respect of waste arising from such processes or from leakage, evaporation and the like.Bonded warehousing exists in much of the developed world. They are of note in the United States for their role in the production of bottled in bond spirits.


== See also ==
Customs valuation
Logistics
Import
Export


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Psilocybe serbica is a species of mushroom in the family Hymenogastraceae. The mushroom contains the compound psilocybin. It is closely related to Psilocybe cyanescens, although the latter has a strong farinaceous odor and taste and is not translucent-striate when moist. It was reported as new to science by Meinhard Moser and Egon Horak in 1969. Molecular analysis published in 2010 has shown that P. serbica is the same species as Psilocybe bohemica described by Šebek in 1983, Psilocybe arcana described by Borovička and Hlaváček in 2001, and Psilocybe moravica by Borovička in 2003.


== Description ==
Psilocybe serbica has no specific smell (somewhat raddish, but never farinaceous), taste is usually bitterish. It is a very variable species.
Its cap is (1)2–4(5) cm in diameter and obtusely conical, later becoming campanulate or convex. It expands to broadly convex or plane in age and is incurved at first then plane or decurved with age. The cap is buff-brown to dingy orangish-brown and pale ochraceous when dry. It is smooth, hygrophanous, and slightly translucent-striate when moist but not viscid and without a separable gelatinous pellicle. The flesh is whitish to cream-colored, bruising blue when injured.Spores are purple-brown, ellipsoid, slightly flattened, and thick-walled, with a distinct germ pore. The size is very variable, mostly 10–13 × 6–7.5 μm, but also much longer.
The gills are adnate to adnexed and close, often distinctly subdecurrent. They are initially light brown, becoming dark brown with age with a purple tint, the edges remaining paler.
The stipe is 4.5-8(10) cm by 2–10 mm. It has an equal structure, slightly enlarging at the base. It is whitish with a silky gloss and glabrous, or with some whitish remnants of the fibrillose veil.


== Habitat ==
Psilocybe serbica is found growing mostly in groups, on well decayed deciduous and coniferous wood, and along urtica spp. or rubus spp. on twigs, compost, plant residue, in forests, usually in moist places along creeks, forest path and roadside verges. Not reported to be synanthropic.


== Alkaloid content ==
Psilocybin levels in this species were found to vary between 0.11% up to 1.34% by dry weight. The content of baeocystin and psilocybin was highest in the caps of the mushrooms.


== See also ==
List of Psilocybin mushrooms
Psilocybin mushrooms


== References ==

Borovicka J. (2006). New variety of Psilocybe moravica and notes on Psilocybe bohemica. Czech Mycology 58(1-2): 75–80.


== External links ==
Psilocybe serbica  in Index Fungorum
<|endoftext|>
Atsushi Kudo (工藤 敦, Kudō Atsushi) is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Kudo (stylized in all capital letters). Signed to the DDT Pro-Wrestling promotion, he is currently in his seventh reign as one third of the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Champions, while also being a former four-time KO-D Openweight Champion, four-time KO-D Tag Team Champion and the winner of the 2005 and 2011 King of DDT tournaments. Kudo has also made several trips to the United States, working for various independent promotions including Chikara, Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South (IWA-MS), International Wrestling Cartel (IWC), IWA East Coast and NWA Upstate.


== Professional wrestling career ==


=== Dramatic Dream Team (2001–2005) ===

Trained by the Dramatic Dream Team (DDT) promotion, Kudo, then working under a mask and the ring name Konica Man #2, made his professional wrestling debut on November 30, 2001, teaming with Tomohiko Hashimoto and Fushichu Crow in a six-man tag team match, where they were defeated by Fake Sanshiro Takagi, Issei Fujisawa and Tomohiro Ishii. Through the rest of 2001 and early 2002, he worked as a low-carder, often teaming with fellow masked wrestler Hero!. On April 25, 2002, Konica Man #2, in storyline poisoned by Poison Sawada Julie, turned on Hero!, unmasked and renamed himself Toguro Habukage. This started a storyline, where Habukage, under the spell of Sawada, feuded with his former partner Hero!, who was trying to get him to remember who he truly was. Habukage and Hero! faced off in a main event singles match on August 1, which was won by Hero! In late 2002, Poison Sawada Julie's control over Habukage and another minion, Hebikage, started to wear off, which led to dissension in the group and eventually to a match between Sawada and Hebikage. The over-the-top storyline continued with Sawada's "serpent god" decapitating him and turning his body into stone as punishment for his inability to create a cohesive army, while also taking away his minions, and finally concluded in January 2003, when Hero!, while supposedly on a business trip to Hong Kong, found Habukage disoriented and unable to remember anything from his past.On January 4, 2003, Habukage, now working under the ring name Kudo and a martial artist gimmick based on his own kickboxing background, returned to DDT, teaming with Hero! in a tag team match, where they defeated Takashi Sasaki and Tanomusaku Toba. Kudo continued teaming with Hero! throughout 2003 and on December 29, the two ended the year by defeating Seiya Morohashi and Tomohiko Hashimoto, and Mikami and Onryo in a three-way Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match to win the KO-D Tag Team Championship. During 2003, Kudo also won the Puroresu Koshien singles tournament and took part in Pro Wrestling Noah's Differ Cup. Kudo and Hero! went on to lose the KO-D Tag Team Championship to Gentaro and Takashi Sasaki on February 11, 2004. On September 2, Kudo made his debut for New Japan Pro Wrestling in a match, where he faced Wataru Inoue. Later that same month, Kudo and Hero! took part in the DDT's 2004 KO-D Tag League, eventually defeating Danshoku Dino and Glenn "Q" Spectre on September 30 to not only win the tournament, but to also regain the KO-D Tag Team Championship. However, Kudo's and Hero's second reign lasted just a month, before they were defeated by Seiya Morohashi and Tanomusaku Toba on November 2. In May 2005, Kudo won the King of DDT tournament to become the number one contender to DDT's top title, the KO-D Openweight Championship. However, he would go on to lose to Sanshiro Takagi in his title match on June 29. On July 10, Kudo defeated Kota Ibushi in his final DDT match before leaving for a nine-month learning excursion to the United States.


=== American excursion (2005–2006) ===

On July 13, 2005, Kudo made the first appearance of his American excursion, when he defeated Eddie Kingston at an IWA East Coast event in South Charleston, West Virginia. On July 23, Kudo made his debut for Chikara, defeating Anthony Franco in the first round of the Young Lions Cup III tournament. Later that same day, Kudo was defeated by Shane Storm in a six-way elimination semifinal match, which also included Claudio Castagnoli, Crossbones, Equinox and Niles Young. Six days later, Kudo made his debut for International Wrestling Cartel (IWC), defeating Jimmy DeMarco. On August 13, Kudo returned to IWC, defeating Jason Gory. The two had a rematch thirteen days later, which was also won by Kudo. On August 19, Kudo made an appearance for Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South (IWA-MS), losing to Brandon Thomaselli. The following day, Kudo was defeated by Arik Cannon. On September 6, Kudo returned to IWA East Coast, losing to Ruckus. Three days later, Kudo returned to IWA-MS, defeating Brandon Thomaselli in a rematch of their previous month's encounter. The following day, Kudo made his debut for NWA Upstate, defeating D to the Icky, Fabulous John McChesney and Mastiff in a four-way match. On September 16, Kudo returned to Chikara, losing to Claudio Castagnoli.On February 18, 2006, Kudo made another return to IWC, losing to fellow Japanese worker Milano Collection A.T. On February 24, Kudo entered Chikara's 2006 Tag World Grand Prix, teaming with fellow DDT worker Mikami. During the first night of the tournament, Kudo and Mikami first defeated Larry Sweeney and Mana in their first round match and then Team Kaientai Dojo (Miyawaki and Yoshiaki Yago) in their second round match. Two days later, Kudo and Mikami were eliminated from the tournament in the quarterfinals by Delirious and Hallowicked. On March 17, Kudo made his fourth and final appearance for IWA-MS, losing to Brandon Thomaselli in the final match of their trilogy against each other. The following day, Kudo was defeated by Hentai at an IWC event.


=== Return to DDT (2006–present) ===

Kudo returned to Japan and DDT on April 2, 2006, teaming with Mikami in a tag team match, where they defeated Harashima (the now unmasked Hero!) and Jet Shogo. During the following months, Kudo feuded with former partner Harashima and his villainous Disaster-Box stable. On June 25, Kudo teamed with Masami Morohashi and Seiya Morohashi in a six-man tag team match for the DDT Jiyugaoka Six-Person Tag Team Championship, losing to the team of Harashima, Muscle Sakai and Yusuke Inokuma. On July 2, Kudo, Mikami and Shiima Xion defeated Harashima, Toru Owashi and Yusuke Inokuma to win the 2006 Takechi Six Man Tag Scramble Cup. The rivalry culminated on July 23 in an eight-man elimination tag team match, where Kudo, Mitsuya Nagai, Poison Sawada Julie and Sanshiro Takagi, representing DDT, faced Harashima, Danshoku Dino, Jet Shogo and Toru Owashi, representing Disaster-Box. Kudo scored the final elimination of the match, pinning Harashima to give DDT the win over Disaster-Box. As a result, Kudo was granted a shot at Toru Owashi's KO-D Openweight Championship on August 27, but was unable to dethrone the defending champion. After returning from a short break following an injury, Kudo turned heel and formed the Team 2 Thousand Island stable with Sanshiro Takagi and Yoshiaki Yago, continuing his rivalry with the now-face Harashima. Kudo and Harashima faced off on November 23 in a grudge match, which was won by Harashima, who, as a result, became the number one contender to the KO-D Openweight Championship, which he went on to win from Toru Owashi a month later.On February 16, 2007, Kudo returned to Chikara, when he, Miyawaki and Yoshiaki Yago entered the 2007 King of Trios tournament. After wins over Team DDT (American Balloon, Danshoku Dino and Masamune) and The Iron Saints (Brandon, Sal and Vito Thomaselli), the trio defeated The Kings of Wrestling (Chuck Taylor, Gran Akuma and Icarus) in their semifinal match on February 18. Later that same day, Kudo, Miyawaki and Yago were defeated in the finals of the tournament by Jigsaw, Mike Quackenbush and Shane Storm. Back in DDT, Kudo received another shot at the KO-D Openweight Championship on July 1, but was this time defeated by Koo. During the second half of 2007, Kudo began regularly teaming with Yasu Urano and on September 23, the two defeated the Nuru Nuru Brothers (Michael Nakazawa and Tomomitsu Matsunaga) to become the number one contenders to the KO-D Tag Team Championship. Kudo and Urano then went on to unsuccessfully challenge Antonio Honda and Prince Togo for the title on November 3. On March 1, 2008, Kudo returned to Chikara, when he, Miyawaki and Susumu entered the 2008 King of Trios tournament as Team Japan. After wins over The Southern Saints (Marcus O'Neil, Reno Diamond and Shawn Reed) and Team AZW (AkuA, Immortal Black and Immortal White), the trio was eliminated from the tournament in the quarterfinals by BLKOUT (Eddie Kingston, Joker and Ruckus). On April 9, Kudo and Urano entered DDT's 2008 KO-D Tag Team Title League, where they made it to the finals, before losing to Mikami and Tanomusaku Toba. On May 6, Kudo won the Ironman Heavymetalweight Championship by pinning Danshoku Dino in a tag team match, where he teamed with Urano and Dino with Masa Takanashi. He would go on to lose the title to Gorgeous Matsuno on June 11. On July 6, Kudo, Urano and Antonio Honda defeated Koo, Super Vampire and Toru Owashi to win the DDT Jiyugaoka Six-Person Tag Team Championship. On July 20, Kudo made it to the finals of a tournament to determine the number one contender to the KO-D Openweight Championship, but was there defeated by Kota Ibushi. In early 2009, Kudo made several appearances as the Frenchman Jacques de Atsushinu, teaming with Louis Takanashi XIV, Masa Takanashi's French character, working against the Italian Four Horsemen.

On March 27, 2009, Kudo made another trip to the United States and Chikara to take part in the 2009 King of Trios tournament, from which he, Kota Ibushi and Michael Nakazawa, as Team DDT, were eliminated in the first round by the Future is Now (Equinox, Helios and Lince Dorado). Two days later, on the final day of the tournament, Kudo teamed with Nakazawa, Amasis and Ophidian in an eight-man tag team match, where they defeated Darin Corbin, Ryan Cruz, Fire Ant and Soldier Ant. Upon his return to DDT, Kudo was named the number one contender to the KO-D Openweight Championship, but would once again fail to capture the title from Harashima on May 31. On July 5, Kudo and Yasu Urano wrestled Jun Kasai and Mikami to a thirty-minute time limit draw in a number one contender's three-way elimination match, which also included the team of Hoshitango and Masa Takanashi. On August 23, Kudo and Urano defeated Kasai and Mikami, Kenny Omega and Mike Angels, and defending champions Francesco Togo and Piza Michinoku in a four-way elimination match to become the new KO-D Tag Team Champions. Kudo and Urano made their first successful title defense on September 27 against the team of Great Sasuke and Sanshiro Takagi, and followed that up by also successfully defending the title against Takagi and Ultraman Robin on October 25, Danshoku Dino and Keisuke Ishii on November 15, Belt Hunter×Hunter (Hikaru Sato and Masa Takanashi) on December 6, and in a three-way match against the teams of Belt Hunter×Hunter and the Italian Four Horsemen (Antonio Honda and Sasaki & Gabbana) on December 13. On February 11, 2010, Kudo and Urano lost the title to Munenori Sawa and Sanshiro Takagi in their sixth title defense. On July 25, Kudo, Urano and Antonio Honda also lost the Jiyugaoka Six-Person Tag Team Championship to Great Kojika, Mr. #6 and Riho in a three-way match, which also included Hikaru Sato, Keisuke Ishii and Yoshihiko, and was also contested for the DDT Nihonkai Six-Man Tag Team and UWA World Trios Championships.In early 2011, Kudo joined the Man's Club stable, which Danshoku Dino and Makoto Oishi had formed in December 2010. On February 27, Kudo and Oishi unsuccessfully challenged Gentaro and Yasu Urano for the KO-D Tag Team Championship. On May 21, Kudo entered the 2011 King of DDT tournament. After wins over Yasu Urano and Hikaru Sato, Kudo advanced to the May 29 semifinals of the tournament, where he defeated Kenny Omega. Later that same day, Kudo defeated Harashima to win his second King of DDT tournament and become the number one contender to the KO-D Openweight Championship. On July 24, Kudo defeated Shuji Ishikawa at DDT's largest annual event, the Ryogoku Peter Pan, to win the KO-D Openweight Championship for the first time. On August 28, Kudo defeated Keisuke Ishii for his first successful title defense. On September 18, Kudo defeated Makoto Oishi in a non-title main event, after which Man's Club agreed to dissolve, with Oishi and Danshoku Dino forming the new Homoiro Clover Z stable, while Kudo was set to concentrate on defending his title. On October 23, Kudo made his second successful title defense against Hikaru Sato, and followed that up by defeating Masa Takanashi on November 6 for his third defense, and Harashima on November 27 for his fourth defense. On December 3, Kudo returned to the United States, when took part in the Indie Summit 2011, promoted by Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, wrestling in a three-way match, where he defeated Dick Togo and Masahiro Takanashi. Later that same day, Kudo appeared on CZW's internet pay-per-view, Cage of Death 13, wrestling in a ten-man tag team match, where he, Danshoku Dino, Kengo Mashimo, Ryuji Ito and Takashi Sasaki defeated Takanashi, Jaki Numazawa, Jun Kasai, Kamui and Yoshihito Sasaki. After returning to DDT, Kudo made his fifth successful defense of the KO-D Openweight Championship on December 31 against Mikami. Before the end of the year, Kudo had also effectively become a full-time member of Homoiro Clover Z. On January 29, 2012, Kudo lost the KO-D Openweight Championship to fellow Homoiro Clover Z member Danshoku Dino.

On March 20, Kudo and Dino received a shot at the KO-D Tag Team Championship, but were defeated by Sanshiro Takagi and Soma Takao. However, on June 16, Kudo and another stablemate, Makoto Oishi, defeated Crying Wolf (Yasu Urano and Yuji Hino) to win the KO-D Tag Team Championship, starting Kudo's fourth reign with the title. They made their first successful title defense just eight days later against Daisuke Sasaki and Masa Takanashi. During the summer, Kudo also made it to the semifinals of the 2012 King of DDT tournament, before losing to Danshoku Dino. After successful title defenses against Crying Wolf in a rematch, and Keisuke Ishii and Shigehiro Irie, Kudo and Oishi lost the title to Mikami and Tatsumi Fujinami on August 18 at DDT's fifteenth anniversary event in Nippon Budokan. On August 26, DDT General Manager Amon Tsurumi ordered all stables in the promotion disbanded. In Homoiro Clover Z's farewell match on September 19, Kudo, Hiroshi Fukuda and Makoto Oishi were defeated by stablemates Akito, Danshoku Dino and Kota Ibushi. Afterwards, Kudo formed a new veteran stable with Harashima and Yasu Urano to go after the villainous Team Drift (Dream Futures) stable of Keisuke Ishii, Shigehiro Irie and Soma Takao. On September 30, the veterans, now known collectively as "Urashimakudo", defeated Team Drift in the first six-man tag team match between the two stables. On October 8, Kudo and Harashima were defeated in a tag team main event by Keisuke Ishii and Shigehiro Irie, after which Kudo was sidelined with ligament damage following a dislocated right elbow.After Yasu Urano was also injured, Urashimakudo was about to disband, but was kept alive, when Hiro Tsumaki joined the veteran stable on October 21 as a replacement for the injured members. While out with the injury, Kudo made an appearance under his old Toguro Habukage persona on November 25, 2012, when he, along with several other returning former stablemates, accompanied Poison Sawada Julie to his retirement match. On January 27, 2013, Kudo announced that he was going to return to the ring on February 17 to reform Urashimakudo. This led to Fuma, the former Hiro Tsumaki, announcing that the stable was now called Urashimafuma and he was a full-time member. However, Yasu Urano ended up turning on Fuma, kicking him out of the stable and welcoming Kudo back. On February 17, Kudo wrestled his first match in four months, a tag team match, where he and Yasu Urano defeated Danshoku Dino and Makoto Oishi. As the recipient of the MAGP Award for the MVP of the event, Kudo was entered into a tournament to determine the number one contender to the KO-D Openweight Championship, but was defeated in his first round match on February 24 by Makoto Oishi. The rivalry between Urashimakudo and Team Drift built to a six-man tag team match on August 17, during the first day of DDT's 16th anniversary weekend in Ryōgoku Kokugikan, where Team Drift was victorious. On September 29, Kudo won a ten-person battle royal to win the Ironman Heavymetalweight Championship for the second time. He lost the title to Danshoku Dino on October 13 in a tag team match, where he and Harashima were defeated by Dino and Makoto Oishi.

On February 23, Kudo quit the Urashimakudo stable, while challenging Harashima to a match for the KO-D Openweight Championship. On March 2, Kudo formed a new stable with Masa Takanashi and Yukio Sakaguchi, based on the three's shared love of alcohol. On March 9, the stable was named Shuten-dōji, after a sake drinking oni of the same name. At Judgement 2014, Kudo defeated Harashima to win the KO-D Openweight Championship for the second time. Afterwards, Shuten-dōji announced they were taking over DDT with Kudo setting his sights on both the KO-D Tag Team and 6-Man Tag Team Championships alongside his stablemates. On April 29, Kudo successfully defended the KO-D Openweight Championship twice; first in a scheduled match against Akito and immediately afterwards against Yasu Urano, who cashed in his "Right to Challenge Anytime, Anywhere" contract. On May 4, Kudo won another title, when Shuten-dōji defeated Daisuke Sasaki, Kenny Omega and Kota Ibushi to capture the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship. After Shuten-dōji had captured all other DDT titles, Kudo and Sakaguchi failed in their attempt to win the KO-D Tag Team Championship from Kenny Omega and Kota Ibushi on May 11. On May 25, Kudo lost the KO-D Openweight Championship back to Harashima. On June 8, Shuten-dōji made their first successful defense of the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship against the new Smile Squash trio of Akito, Harashima and Yasu Urano. Also in June, Kudo made it to the finals of the 2014 King of DDT tournament, before losing to Isami Kodaka. On July 13, Shuten-dōji lost the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship to Happy Motel (Antonio Honda, Konosuke Takeshita and Tetsuya Endo) in their second defense. Shuten-dōji, however, regained the title from Happy Motel just seven days later in a three-way match, which also included Team Drift. They lost the title to Team Drift on August 17 at DDT's largest event of the year, Ryogoku Peter Pan 2014. Kudo ended his year by teaming with Sakaguchi to unsuccessfully challenge Happy Motel's Endo and Takeshita for the KO-D Tag Team Championship on December 23. On February 15, 2015, Shuten-dōji won the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship for the third time, defeating previous champions Genpatsu Daio (Brahman Kei, Brahman Shu and Gorgeous Matsuno). Shuten-dōji then entered a series of matches with Team Drift, where the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship changed hands between the two teams three times in six weeks with Shuten-dōji losing the title on March 1, winning it on March 21, and losing it again on April 11.On April 29, Kudo returned to the KO-D Openweight Championship picture by capturing one of the "Right to Challenge Anytime, Anywhere" contracts by pinning its holder Antonio Honda in a tag team match. Kudo quickly announced that he was cashing in his contract for a KO-D Openweight Championship match against Harashima on May 31. Before the match took place, Kudo lost his contract and title shot to Daisuke Sasaki on May 17, only to regain it a week later, putting the match with Harashima back on. On May 31, Kudo defeated Harashima to win the KO-D Openweight Championship for the third time. On June 6, Kudo defeated Danshoku Dino and Soma Takao in a non-title three-way match and, as a result, won Dino's "Right to Challenge Anytime, Anywhere" contract, putting him in a unique situation, where he had the right to challenge for his own title. On June 28, both Ken Ohka and Yasu Urano cashed in their own contracts, leading to a three-way match, where Kudo lost the KO-D Openweight Championship to Ohka. However, as he was not pinned in the match, Kudo retained his "Right to Challenge Anytime, Anywhere" contract and immediately afterwards cashed it in for a singles match, where he defeated Ohka to regain the title. On August 23 at Ryogoku Peter Pan 2015, Kudo lost the title to stablemate and 2015 King of DDT winner Yukio Sakaguchi. In September, Kudo took part in Pro Wrestling Noah's 2015 NTV G+ Cup Junior Heavyweight Tag League, teaming with fellow DDT worker Kota Umeda. After one win and two losses, Kudo was forced to pull out of the tournament on September 16, after suffering an anterior cruciate ligament injury. The following day, Kudo announced that the injury required surgery, which would sideline him for about a year.Kudo returned from his injury on August 28, 2016, at Ryogoku Peter Pan 2016, wrestling in a tag team match, where he and Masahiro Takanashi defeated Akito and Yasu Urano. Kudo won his first title since his return on December 11, when he, Takanashi and Sakaguchi defeated Damnation (Daisuke Sasaki, Mad Paulie and Tetsuya Endo) for the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship. They lost the title to Kazusada Higuchi, Kouki Iwasaki and Mizuki Watase in a three-way match, also involving Antonio Honda, Konosuke Takeshita and Trans-Am★Hiroshi, on January 22, 2017. Kudo, Takanashi and Sakaguchi won the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship for a record-tying sixth time on June 25, 2017, by defeating NωA (Makoto Oishi, Mao and Shunma Katsumata). They were stripped of the title on October 10, when Kudo was sidelined with a concussion. Following Kudo's return, Shuten-dōji won the title for the seventh time by defeating All Out (Akito, Diego and Konosuke Takeshita) on December 10.


== Personal life ==
Prior to his start in professional wrestling, Kudo had a sports background in kickboxing and shooto.


== Championships and accomplishments ==
Dramatic Dream Team / DDT Pro-WrestlingIronman Heavymetalweight Championship (2 times)
Jiyugaoka 6-Person Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Antonio Honda and Yasu Urano
KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship (7 times) – with Masa Takanashi/Masahiro Takanashi and Yukio Sakaguchi
KO-D Openweight Championship (4 times)
KO-D Tag Team Championship (4 times) – with Hero! (2), Yasu Urano (1), and Makoto Oishi (1)
King of DDT Tournament (2005, 2011)
KO-D Tag League (2004) – with Hero!
One Night 6-Man Tag Team Tournament (2017) – with Masahiro Takanashi and Yukio Sakaguchi
Puroresu Koshien (2003)
Takechi Six Man Tag Scramble Cup (2006) – with Mikami and Shiima Xion
MAGP Award (February 17, 2013)Pro Wrestling IllustratedPWI ranked him #299 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2015


== References ==


== External links ==
DDT Pro-Wrestling profile (in Japanese)
Official blog (in Japanese)
Kudo on Twitter  (in Japanese)
Kudo's profile at Cagematch.net, Wrestlingdata.com, Internet Wrestling Database
<|endoftext|>
Zanda County (Tibetan: རྩ་མདའ་རྫོང་ wylie: rtsa mda' rdzong; Chinese: 札达县; Pinyin: Zhádá Xiàn) is a county in the Ngari Prefecture to the extreme west of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.


== See also ==
Chepzi
Tholing
Tsaparang


== Further reading ==
Swenson, Karen (19 March 2000). "Echoes of a Fallen Kingdom". New York Times. Retrieved 23 January 2013.
<|endoftext|>
Triflin is a cysteine-rich secretory protein (CRISP), which is excreted by the venom gland of the Habu snake (Trimeresurus flavoviridis). Triflin reduces high potassium-induced smooth muscle contraction, suggesting a blocking effect on L-type calcium channels.


== Sources ==

Triflin is a toxin derived from snake venom. The toxin is produced in the gland of the Habu snake, Trimeresurus flavoviridis.


== Chemistry ==
Triflin is a cysteine-rich secretory protein, which means it belongs to the CRISP family.  This is a group of single chain polypeptides found in various organisms.
Triflin weighs 25 kDa and consists of 221 amino-acid residues. 
The first 163 residues of the N-terminal domain forms an α-β-α sandwich core. This domain is comparable with group 1 plant pathogenesis-related protein (PR-1).
The C-terminal domain, has five disulfide bridges. This domain is responsible for the selectivity of the protein and consists of two subdomains: N-terminal subdomain (Cys 167 to Cys 179) and C-terminal subdomain (42 amino-acids residues).
The N-terminal subdomain is connected with N-terminal domain through two main-chain hydrogen bonds between β11 and β2 and is thereby part of the PR-1 domain. 
The C-terminal subdomain is stabilized by three disulfide bridges and it is remarkable that this domain does not interact with either the PR-1 domain or the N-terminal sub-domain. The C-terminal subdomain consists of particles, including some hydrophobic residues that are exposed to the solvent. These hydrophobic residues might mediate the interaction with the target proteins and therefore receptor recognition.There are some homologous toxins to Triflin with different percentages of amino-acid sequence similarity, such as Ablomin, Latisemin, Stecrip (88%), Helothermine (49%), Pseudechetoxin (62%), Pseudesin (61%). The snake venoms which belong to CRISP family seem to be homologous to each other, however there are differences in their protein targets.


== Target ==
Triflin reduces high potassium induced smooth muscle contraction, suggesting a blocking effect on L-type calcium channels.


== Treatment ==
One of the small serum proteins (SSP-2), a substance produced by Trimeresurus flavoviridis itself, has high affinity for Triflin, and may thus work as a defensive mechanism against accidental self-poisoning, suggesting a possible role for SSP-2 as an antidote to triflin.


== See also ==
Other snake venom proteins in the CRISP family:
Piscivorin from the Eastern Cottonmouth
Latisemin from the Erabu snake
Ablomin from the Mamushi snake
Ophanin from the King Cobra


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Magic Dam is an earthen embankment dam across the Big Wood River in southwestern Blaine County, Idaho, in the United States, about 40 miles (64 km) north of Twin Falls. The dam was completed in 1910 by Magic Reservoir Hydroelectric, Inc. for irrigation, flood control and hydroelectric generation, and stores up to 195,000 acre feet (0.241 km3) of water in Magic Reservoir, which lies in both Blaine County and adjacent southeastern Camas County. Water from the reservoir is used to irrigate 89,000 acres (36,000 ha) around and between Shoshone and Richfield. Magic Dam also supports a power station with three turbines totaling a capacity of 9,000 kW.The dam's main embankment is 128 feet (39 m) high and 3,100 feet (940 m) long. Two auxiliary dikes keep the reservoir from overflowing during high elevations, while a concrete emergency spillway located west of the dam helps to pass floodwaters. At full water levels, Magic Reservoir covers up to 3,740 acres (1,510 ha), extending 6 miles (9.7 km) up the Big Wood River and 2.5 miles (4.0 km) up a tributary, Camas Creek. The dam and reservoir control runoff from a catchment area of 1,600 sq mi (4,100 km2).


== See also ==
List of dams and reservoirs in Idaho


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Rio Roosevelt Ecological Station (Portuguese: Estação Ecológica do Rio Roosevelt) is an ecological station in the state of Mato Grosso, Brazil.


== Location ==
The Rio Roosevelt Ecological Station (ESEC) has an area of 96,925 hectares (239,510 acres).
It is in the municipality of Colniza in the state of Mato Grosso.
It is bordered by the Tucumã State Park to the west, by the Roosevelt River to the east, and by the border between the states of Mato Grosso and Amazonas to the north.
It adjoins the 83,381 hectares (206,040 acres) Manicoré State Forest in Amazonas, a sustainable use conservation unit created in 2005.
The MT-206 road runs through the southern part of the ESEC.
The ESEC is home to 30 people from one family, living in three communities.
There are two archaeological sites in the unit.The Rio Roosevelt Ecological Station is a unit of the Southern Amazon Mosaic of conservation units.
The ESEC would be in the proposed South Amazon Ecotones Ecological Corridor.
It is the responsibility of the Conservation Units Coordinator (CUCO) of the Mato Grosso Secretariat of State for the Environment.
The ESEC is supported by the Amazon Region Protected Areas Program.


== History ==
A series of executive decrees and state laws have defined and redefined the area of the Rio Roosevelt Ecological Station.
The ecological station was created by decree 1.798 of 4 November 1997 with an area of about 80,915 hectares (199,950 acres) with the purpose of conserving samples of the  ecological systems in their natural state, ensuring biological diversity and providing controlled opportunities for education and scientific research.
Law 7162 of 23 August 1999 created the ecological station with an area of about 53,000 hectares (130,000 acres) in the municipality of Aripuanã.Law 8.680 of 13 July 2007 expanded the ecological station to an area of about 96,168 hectares (237,640 acres), and also expanded the Guariba-Roosevelt extractive reserve to about 138,092 hectares (341,230 acres) in the Colniza municipality. The expansion was to compensate for settlements in the "4 Reservas" area of the municipalities of Terra Nova do Norte and Nova Guarita.
The extractive reserve was later occupied by illegal squatters, and was revoked by a judicial order in 2013, confirmed by the state legislature in January 2015.
The judge stated that the lack of environmental protection in the extractive reserve was causing it to be devastated, and it could not be considered compensation for the loss of the "4 Reservas".Law 10261 of 22 January 2015 repealed Law 8.680 of 13 July 2007, returning the ecological reserve to an area of 53,000 hectares (130,000 acres).
Decree 58 of 13 April 2015 redefined the area of the ecological station as about 96,925 hectares (239,510 acres) with a perimeter of 150 kilometres (93 mi) in the municipality of Colniza.


== Environment ==
The Rio Roosevelt Ecological Station  is in the Amazon biome.
The ecological station is in one of the most pristine areas of Amazon rainforest in Mato Grosso, away from the zone of agricultural expansion, with sparse population and little deforestation.
The land in the south of the unit has low fertility and contains large areas of flooded land, helping to protect the unit.
Altitudes generally range from 90 to 140 metres (300 to 460 ft), but the Serra da Fortaleza rises to 340 metres (1,120 ft) and the Serra do Pirangueiro rises to 300 metres (980 ft).
The terrain contains plateaus with steep edges, hills, valleys and plains.
Vegetation is mainly rainforest with tall trees of varying density in the wetter areas. 
Higher up the vegetation is mainly cerrado.The main problem in the reserve is predatory fishing, which is estimated to take at least three tons of fish annually.
The main threats in the region are logging and illegal mining.


== Notes ==


== Sources ==
<|endoftext|>
Markkleeberger See is a lake in Saxony, Germany, next to Markkleeberg, a suburb on the south side of Leipzig. At an elevation of 112.5 m, its surface area is 2.52 km².  It is a former open-pit coal mine, flooded in 1999 with groundwater and developed in 2006 as a tourist area.  On its southeastern shore is Germany's only pump-powered artificial whitewater slalom course, the Kanupark Markkleeberg.
<|endoftext|>
Bellemerella is a genus of fungi in the family Verrucariaceae.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Trichostetha coetzeri is an afrotropical species of flower scarab beetle endemic to South Africa, where it occurs in the Cape Floristic Region. It was first described by Holm and Marais in 1988.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Boricha are a gotra of the Ahir caste found in the state of Gujarat in India.


== Origin ==
The Boricha get their name from the Boricha region of Kutch, which was their original homeland, from where they emigrated to Jamnagar District due to a drought. According to other traditions, the word Boricha means those who are of value.  The community are now found in the Jhodia taluka of Jamnagar District, Kutch District, Morvi in Rajkot District and Junagadh District. They are one of the four sub-groups of the Ahir community found in Gujarat.  The community still speak the Kutchi language.The Boricha are Hindu, and worship Hindu gods and goddesses such as Ram, Shankar, Ganesh, Krishna and Lakhshmi.


== References ==


== External links ==
Mehul Boricha
<|endoftext|>
The 2014 French Open described in detail, in the form of day-by-day summaries.


== Day 1 (25 May) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Women's Singles:  Kaia Kanepi [25]


== Day 2 (26 May) ==
Stan Wawrinka became the first man who won Australian Open to lose in the opening round in Roland Garros since Petr Korda in 1998.

Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Stan Wawrinka [3],  Kei Nishikori [9],  Vasek Pospisil [30]
Women's Singles:  Roberta Vinci [17]


== Day 3 (27 May) ==
Li Na became the fourth woman who won Australian Open in the same year to lose in the opening round in Roland Garros. 

Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Grigor Dimitrov [11],  Tommy Haas [16],  Nicolás Almagro [21]
Women's Singles:  Li Na [2],  Caroline Wozniacki [13],  Klára Koukalová [30]
Men's Doubles:  Juan Sebastián Cabal /  Robert Farah [10]


== Day 4 (28 May) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Mikhail Youzhny [15],  Alexandr Dolgopolov [20]
Women's Singles:  Serena Williams [1],  Flavia Pennetta [12],  Sabine Lisicki [16],  Alizé Cornet [20],  Venus Williams [29],  Elena Vesnina [32]
Men's Doubles:  Mariusz Fyrstenberg /  Marcin Matkowski [8]
Women's Doubles:  Andrea Hlaváčková /  Lucie Šafářová [9],  Alla Kudryavtseva /  Anastasia Rodionova [10],  Vania King /  Zheng Jie [13]


== Day 5 (29 May) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Feliciano López [26]
Women's Singles:  Kirsten Flipkens [21],  Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova [24]
Men's Doubles:  Rohan Bopanna /  Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi [6]
Women's Doubles:  Julia Görges /  Anna-Lena Grönefeld [8],  Anabel Medina Garrigues /  Yaroslava Shvedova [11]
Mixed Doubles:  Květa Peschke /  Marcin Matkowski [4]


== Day 6 (30 May) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Tommy Robredo [17],  Jerzy Janowicz [22],  Marin Čilić [25],  Roberto Bautista Agut [27],  Gilles Simon [29],  Dmitry Tursunov [31]
Women's Singles:  Agnieszka Radwańska [3],  Dominika Cibulková [9],  Daniela Hantuchová [31]
Men's Doubles:  Alexander Peya /  Bruno Soares [2],  David Marrero /  Fernando Verdasco [4],  Treat Huey /  Dominic Inglot [7],  Eric Butorac /  Raven Klaasen [14],  Pablo Cuevas /  Horacio Zeballos [16]
Women's Doubles:  Klára Koukalová /  Monica Niculescu [14]
Mixed Doubles:  Anabel Medina Garrigues /  David Marrero [7]


== Day 7 (31 May) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Fabio Fognini [14],  Andreas Seppi [32]
Women's Singles:  Petra Kvitová [5],  Ana Ivanovic [11],  Ekaterina Makarova [22],  Sorana Cîrstea [26]
Men's Doubles:  Jean-Julien Rojer /  Horia Tecău [13],  Jamie Murray /  John Peers [15]
Women's Doubles:  Ekaterina Makarova /  Elena Vesnina [3],  Raquel Kops-Jones /  Abigail Spears [6]
Mixed Doubles:  Abigail Spears /  Alexander Peya [1]


== Day 8 (1 June) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Roger Federer [4],  John Isner [10],  Richard Gasquet [12],  Jo-Wilfried Tsonga [13],  Philipp Kohlschreiber [28]
Women's Singles:  Angelique Kerber [8],  Samantha Stosur [19]
Men's Doubles:  Michaël Llodra /  Nicolas Mahut [5]
Women's Doubles:  Liezel Huber /  Lisa Raymond [15]
Mixed Doubles:  Katarina Srebotnik /  Rohan Bopanna [2],  Lucie Hradecká /  Mariusz Fyrstenberg [6]


== Day 9 (2 June) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Kevin Anderson [19],  Fernando Verdasco [24]
Women's Singles:  Jelena Janković [6],  Sloane Stephens [15],  Lucie Šafářová [23]
Men's Doubles:  Bob Bryan /  Mike Bryan [1],  Daniel Nestor /  Nenad Zimonjić [3]
Women's Doubles:  Flavia Pennetta /  Kristina Mladenovic [12]


== Day 10 (3 June) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Tomáš Berdych [6],  Milos Raonic [8]
Women's Singles:  Carla Suárez Navarro [14]
Men's Doubles:  Łukasz Kubot /  Robert Lindstedt [9]
Women's Doubles:  Cara Black /  Sania Mirza [5],  Ashleigh Barty /  Casey Dellacqua [7]
Mixed Doubles:  Kristina Mladenovic /  Daniel Nestor [5]


== Day 11 (4 June) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  David Ferrer [5],  Gaël Monfils [23]
Women's Singles:  Sara Errani [10],  Svetlana Kuznetsova [27]
Women's Doubles:  Květa Peschke /  Katarina Srebotnik [4],  Marina Erakovic /  Arantxa Parra Santonja [16]
Mixed Doubles:  Yaroslava Shvedova /  Bruno Soares [3]


== Day 12 (5 June) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Women's Singles:  Eugenie Bouchard [18],  Andrea Petkovic [28]
Mixed Doubles:  Julia Görges /  Nenad Zimonjić [8]


== Day 13 (6 June) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Andy Murray [7],  Ernests Gulbis [18]


== Day 14 (7 June) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Women's Singles:  Simona Halep [4]
Men's Doubles:  Marcel Granollers /  Marc López [12]


== Day 15 (8 June) ==
Schedule of play
Seeds out:
Men's Singles:  Novak Djokovic [2]
Women's Doubles:  Sara Errani /  Roberta Vinci [2]


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The 2016 CrownBet Darwin Triple Crown was a motor racing event for V8 Supercars, held on the weekend of 17 to 19 June 2016. The event was held at Hidden Valley Raceway in Darwin, Northern Territory, and consisted of one race of 120 kilometres and one race of 200 km in length. It was the sixth event of fourteen in the 2016 International V8 Supercars Championship and hosted Races 12 and 13 of the season. The event was the 19th running of the Darwin Triple Crown.
The first race of the weekend was won by Michael Caruso, his first victory since 2009 and the first for Nissan Motorsport since 2013. Shane van Gisbergen had started from pole position but incurred a drive-through penalty for illegally overtaking Caruso on a safety car restart. Van Gisbergen recovered to win the second race from pole position. The second race was marred by two major incidents on the first lap, one of which left Lee Holdsworth in hospital with fractures to his pelvis, right knee and two ribs. The other involved James Moffat, Fabian Coulthard and Chaz Mostert and caused major damage to Coulthard's car. Jamie Whincup took the championship lead by finishing second in Race 12, while the leader coming into the event, Mark Winterbottom, dropped to fourth place after finishing 20th in Race 13.


== Report ==


=== Background ===
Various personnel changes took place at a number of teams ahead of the event. Todd Kelly's race engineer Jesse Walker left Nissan Motorsport following the Winton event; he was replaced by the team's engineering manager, Perry Kapper. Campbell Little, who had engineered David Reynolds' car for Erebus Motorsport in the first five events of the season, switched to Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport to work with Andre Heimgartner. His role at Erebus Motorsport was taken by the team's general manager, Barry Ryan. Significant changes were made by the Holden Racing Team, with Garth Tander's race engineer Blake Smith being dismissed while James Courtney's engineer Alistair McVean was moved into another role. They were replaced by Alex Somerset and Rob Starr respectively.A one-off livery for Craig Lowndes' car was revealed by Triple Eight Race Engineering on the Thursday prior to the event. The livery featured artwork designed by a local Indigenous student, and was done in support of the Clontarf Foundation. Fabian Coulthard's car also featured a different livery, with sponsorship from Australian paint company Taubmans, as part of DJR Team Penske's system of rotational sponsors. Coulthard's teammate Scott Pye took part in a new chassis, as did Mark Winterbottom for Prodrive Racing Australia.A change was made to the drop gear ratio compared to the previous year's event, where cars were reaching the rev limiter on the main straight. The ratio change was aimed to reduce the amount of time that cars spent on the limiter, lessening the risk of damage to the drivetrain. Overtaking at the first corner was made easier, as the top speed of the cars on the main straight was no longer restricted by the limiter.During the 2015 event, there was controversy when Reynolds went off the circuit at Turn 5, but maintained the race lead by rejoining at Turn 7. A similar incident involving Jason Bright occurred at Sydney Motorsport Park later in the season. The issue was addressed ahead of the 2016 event, with drivers who short-cut the circuit now required to drop behind the last car on the lead lap.Winterbottom entered the event as the championship leader, 27 points clear of Scott McLaughlin.


=== Practice ===
The first practice session was run on Friday morning and was one hour in length. Two Enduro Cup co-drivers completed laps during the session: Matt Campbell in Todd Kelly's car and Macauley Jones in Tim Blanchard's car. Rick Kelly set a lap time of 1:07.0515 to be fastest, ahead of Triple Eight Race Engineering teammates Jamie Whincup and Shane van Gisbergen. Numerous drivers went off the circuit during the session, including James Moffat who hit the tyre wall at Turn 10. Coulthard's engine had a misfire, prompting DJR Team Penske to change the engine for the second one-hour practice session, which was held in the afternoon. Coulthard missed the first half of the session while the change was carried out. Despite this, he set the sixth fastest time. The fastest time was set by Whincup, with Rick Kelly second fastest ahead of Van Gisbergen. Aaren Russell hit the wall at Turn 10 halfway through the session, damaging the front of his car. He did not take part in the rest of the session. Ford drivers dominated the final 15-minute practice session, held on Saturday morning. Pye was fastest ahead of Chaz Mostert, Winterbottom and Coulthard.


=== Qualifying – Race 12 ===
Qualifying for Race 12 was a single 15-minute session held on Saturday morning. The session began with cloud cover over the circuit and Van Gisbergen took advantage of the resulting lower track temperature to set a time of 1:06.0923, which would prove to be fast enough for pole position. Other drivers improved their times later in the session despite the track temperature rising, with Michael Caruso's time of 1:06.1754 being the closest to Van Gisbergen's time. Will Davison qualified third ahead of Mostert and Winterbottom.


=== Race 12 ===
Race 12 took place on Saturday afternoon, with regulations requiring each car to make at least one pit stop to change all four tyres. Caruso made a better start than Van Gisbergen and took the lead going into the first corner. At Turn 5, Tim Slade touched the rear of Rick Kelly's car, causing Kelly to hit and spin Lowndes. Slade was not penalised, with the stewards calling the contact a racing incident. Tander was also involved in contact on the first lap, losing his driver's door, while Nick Percat retired from the race with suspension damage. The safety car was deployed to allow marshals to collect Tander's door. The race was restarted at the end of lap 3 and Van Gisbergen made contact with Caruso at the final corner, allowing him to take the lead on the run to the line. However, as Van Gisbergen passed Caruso before the control line, he was given a drive-through penalty. After the race Van Gisbergen admitted that the move was his mistake. The restart also saw Whincup and Pye make contact, with the latter scraping the wall on the pit straight.Davison, who had taken advantage of Van Gisbergen's move to also pass Caruso, inherited the lead when Van Gisbergen served his penalty. Caruso made his pit stop on lap 11 and began setting fast lap times, which enabled him to move in front of Davison after the latter had completed his pit stop. DJR Team Penske teammates Pye and Coulthard ran a longer first stint, pitting on laps 19 and 24 respectively. Van Gisbergen was the last driver to make his pit stop, doing so on lap 33. This left Caruso in the lead ahead of Whincup and Mostert, with the top three remaining the same at the finish. It was Caruso's first win since the corresponding event in 2009. Pye and Coulthard utilised their younger tyres to move up to fifth and sixth respectively, behind Davison. With Winterbottom and McLaughlin finishing ninth and tenth, Whincup took the championship lead.


=== Qualifying – Race 13 ===
Qualifying for Race 13 took place on Sunday morning and consisted of a 20-minute session followed by a top ten shootout for the fastest ten qualifiers. Lowndes set a time of 1:06.0259 to be fastest in the qualifying session ahead of Rick Kelly and Mostert. Slade, Caruso, McLaughlin, Van Gisbergen, Winterbottom, Whincup and Todd Kelly completed the top ten and progressed to the top ten shootout.The top ten shootout saw each of the ten drivers complete one flying lap each, in reverse order of their qualifying positions. Todd Kelly ran first and set a time of 1:06.7320. Whincup made a mistake and ran wide at the final corner, leaving him over one second behind Kelly's time. Winterbottom was also unable to beat Kelly's time, but Van Gisbergen's set a time of 1:06.6797, which would prove to be good enough for pole position. None of the remaining drivers were able to go faster than Winterbottom, leaving Van Gisbergen, Todd Kelly and Winterbottom as the top three. Slade was fourth fastest ahead of Rick Kelly, Lowndes, McLaughlin and Mostert. Caruso ran wide at Turn 1, leaving him ninth fastest ahead of Whincup.


=== Race 13 ===
Race 13 was held on Sunday afternoon and the race regulations required each car to take on at least 120 litres of fuel during the race. Todd Kelly took the lead at the start before the safety car was deployed due to two major crashes in the first half of the lap. On the exit of the first corner,  Bright was bumped into Lee Holdsworth who then went off the track and made heavy side-on contact with a concrete barrier. Holdsworth was taken to Royal Darwin Hospital after being extracted from his car. Moffat, Coulthard and Mostert had a separate incident at Turn 4, with the trio attempting to run three-wide before Moffat and Coulthard made contact. Coulthard spun and collected Mostert, who had taken to the grass to try to avoid contact, with both hitting the outside wall. Mostert's car continued on the grass and went across the circuit at Turn 5 while Coulthard's car bounced back onto the track on the exit of Turn 4. Mostert was able to return to the pits for repairs and rejoined the race multiple laps off the lead.The deployment of the safety car saw all of the other drivers make a pit stop at the end of the first lap, with multiple drivers being forced to park in the pit lane while their teammate's car was serviced first. This hindered some of the drivers and Lowndes emerged as the leader ahead of Todd Kelly, Winterbottom, Van Gisbergen, Slade and Courtney. After the race restarted, Winterbottom ran into the back of Kelly at Turn 1, sending the latter wide and earning himself a drive-through penalty. Pye made contact with Caruso at Turn 6, damaging his suspension which eventually caused him to stop on the pit straight. The safety car was deployed again and a number of drivers down the order took the opportunity to pit and take on more of the minimum fuel requirement. Van Gisbergen took the lead from Lowndes at the restart and led through the second and final round of pit stops for the leaders, which took place around lap 33.Once all drivers had completed their pit stops, Van Gisbergen led from Slade, Lowndes, Davison and Courtney. Blanchard was running in eleventh place when he suffered a puncture on lap 56, forcing him to make a pit stop. The safety car made another appearance to enable the tyre debris to be cleared. Winterbottom made contact with Russell on lap 63 and received a second drive-through penalty, leaving him in 20th place. Despite the safety car period, Van Gisbergen went on to take victory over Slade and Lowndes, with Davison and Courtney completing the top five. Whincup finished eighth but maintained the championship lead, 30 points clear of Lowndes with McLaughlin in third, a further 15 points behind.


==== Post-race ====
It was revealed after the race that Holdsworth had suffered fractures to his pelvis, right knee and two ribs, as well as minor injuries to his chest and left elbow, with data from his car showing a peak load of 56 g during the crash. Holdsworth was transferred to Freemasons Hospital in Melbourne on 21 June, where it was confirmed that he did not require surgery. Holdsworth said of the crash: "I remember hitting and feeling pain straight away shoot up through my whole body really, mostly the left side of my body ... I came to a stop and I couldn’t breathe and I was screaming and just couldn’t get my breath back."Winterbottom called the race "one of my worst efforts in a race car", admitting fault for the incident with Todd Kelly but saying he was frustrated with the second penalty, claiming he had been forced wide by Russell at the preceding corner.


== Results ==


=== Race 12 ===


==== Qualifying ====


==== Race ====


=== Race 13 ===


==== Qualifying ====


==== Top Ten Shootout ====


==== Race ====


== Championship standings after the event ==
After Race 13 of 29. Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
"The Negotiation Limerick File" is a song by American hip-hop group the Beastie Boys, released as the third single from their fifth studio album Hello Nasty.
It peaked at #29 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks Chart.
The version on the CD single is 30 seconds longer (3:16) than the album version (2:46). It features extended instrumental sections with flanging effects. This song is unique because every verse is made up of five-line limericks.


== Track listing ==
"The Negotiation Limerick File" – 3:16
"Three MCs and One DJ" (Live Video version) – 2:46
"Putting Shame in Your Game" (Prunes Remix) – 4:17
"The Negotiation Limerick File" (Handsome Boy Modeling School Makeover) – 4:33
"The Negotiation Limerick File" (The 41 Small Star Remix) – 3:24


== Charts ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Northwestern University Dental School closed in 2001, 107 years after opening in 1891. Its first dean was Edgar Swain. According to the trustees, the mentioned financial stresses and reputation as reasons for the closure of the program. 


== History ==
The school was initially located on South State Street and then eventually moved into the new Medical School buildings on South Dearborn and East 24th in 1893. In 1895, Northwestern University bought the American College of Dental Surgery and merged the two schools into one. After Dr. Swain retired as the dean in 1897, Dr. GV Black took over the position. He served as the Professor of Pathology before his appointment. After becoming the dean, he worked to re-organize the curriculum of the dental school. In 1902, the Dental School was moved to the corner of the Lake and Dearborn Streets, along with the Pharmacy and the Law Schools after the University purchased the building of Tremont Hotel. 
Dr. Thomas Lewis Gilmer became the next dean after Dr. Black died. Arthur D. Black, son of Dr. GV Black, became the fourth dean of the dental school after Dr. Gilmer's retirement in 1918. Dr. Arthur Black was instrumental in organizing the World Dental Congress along with the Century of Progress Fair in Chicago in 1933. Under Dr. Arthur Black the dental school moved to the Montgomery Ward Memorial. After Dr. Black died of Pneumonia, Dr. Charles W. Freeman became the next Dean in 1938 and served till 1953. Dr. Freeman was noted to create one of the first centers for dental research at the Dental School. In addition, he promoted the foreign student program, and established the Cleft Palate Institute involving the dental, medical, and speech schools. After Dr. Freeman retired. Dr. George W. Teuscher was appointed the next dean and served the position until 1971. In 1972, Dr. Norman Olsen became the next dean. Dr. Olsen retired in 1995 and the next dean was Dr. Michael Heuer who in December, 1997 announced the closing of the Dental School as dictated by the University board of trustees and president.


== Achievements ==
First Post Doctoral Degree in Dentistry, 1922
First Graduate Program in Pediatric Dentistry, 1935
One of the First Graduate Orthodontic Programs
Founding place of Omicron Kappa Upsilon Dental Honor Society, 1914
Founding place of Sigma Pi Alpha Dental Hygiene Honor Society, 1951
First use of Procaine in mandibular anesthesia in America
Discovering place of Gardol which is a plaque preventative used in Toothpastes and mouthwashes.


== Alumni ==
John Howard Furby, Orthodontics
Frederick Bogue Noyes, Orthodontics
Lee Graber, Orthodontics
Thomas M. Graber, Orthodontics
Hayes Nance, Orthodontics
Bailey Jacobson, Orthodontics
A. Richard Goldman, Head Neck and Facial Pain


== Notable faculty ==
Dean Harold Noyes
Greene Vardiman Black
Joseph Jarabak
Thomas Gilmer
Arthur D. Black
Charles W. Freeman
George W. Teuscher
Norman Olsen
Edward Angle
E Allen Bishop


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
"Weapon of Choice" is a song by English big beat musician Fatboy Slim from his third studio album, Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars. It features American funk musician Bootsy Collins. It was released as a double A-side single with "Star 69" on 23 April 2001, as well as a standalone single release, and a 2010 re-release with remixes. The single peaked at No. 10 on the UK Singles Chart.The music video, directed by Spike Jonze, features actor Christopher Walken dancing around a deserted hotel lobby. It won multiple awards at the 2001 MTV Video Music Awards and won the 2002 Grammy Award for Best Music Video.


== Background ==

"Weapon of Choice" features a lead vocal by Bootsy Collins, known as a member of the funk group Parliament-Funkadelic and leader of Bootsy's Rubber Band. On the album version, Collins's normal vocals are heard through the right audio channel; the same vocals, distorted to a much deeper pitch, are heard through the left. The song features a prominent sample of Sly & the Family Stone's 1968 song "Into My Own Thing", as well as samples from "All Strung Out Over You" by The Chambers Brothers and "Word Play" by The X-Ecutioners, the latter of which was previously sampled on another Fatboy Slim song, "Don't Forget Your Teeth", the B-side to his single "Right Here, Right Now", and "Gangster Trippin".
The chorus of the song, "You could blow with this, or you could blow with that", is a homage to the Black Sheep song "The Choice Is Yours (Revisited)", which has a similar chorus. The lines "Walk without rhythm/and it won't attract the worm" quote the science fiction novel Dune, while the line "tone of my voice" may be the titular weapon, as used by some of the novel's characters. The line "halfway between the gutter and the stars" refers to a line in Oscar Wilde's play Lady Windermere's Fan: "We are all of us in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars", and was also used as the album title.
The radio edit is referred to as the "Attack Hamster Edit", and is the version featured on Fatboy Slim's greatest hits album The Greatest Hits – Why Try Harder. Collins's vocal tracks, both normal and distorted, remain intact, but the distorted track is barely audible. It peaked at No. 137 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was briefly featured in the 2001 film Joe Somebody, and in the Malcolm in the Middle episode "Malcolm vs. Reese". It was used in the E3 trailer of Skylanders: Swap Force in 2013.
On the album, the song segues from "Retox" and thus the ending of "Retox" is on this track. At 5:06 on the "single version", the last second (5:05) gets repeated many times until it finishes at 5:36. On the album, the last two seconds get repeated until 5:23, and scratching sounds start at 5:14 until the conclusion at 5:45. The single version and album version also have several other differences, including the ordering of vocal snippets towards the five-minute mark.


== Music video ==

The music video was filmed in the lobby of the Marriott Hotel (now the L.A. Grand Hotel Downtown) in Los Angeles in December 2000. Directed by Spike Jonze, it features actor Christopher Walken, who trained as a dancer in musical theatre before his acting career. Walken had asked Jonze to film his dancing, and Jonze suggested that he participate in the video. Fatboy Slim had originally been scheduled to have a cameo in the video, replacing Walken in the harness shots, but was unavailable that weekend because his wife was giving birth.In the video, Walken wakes up from a nap in an empty hotel lobby and begins to dance and fly around the area, eventually sitting and going back to sleep in the same chair where he began.
The "Weapon of Choice" video won six awards at the 2001 MTV Video Music Awards. Walken was awarded one of MTV's "Moonmen" for Best Choreography. The clip was also ranked number one in a list of the top 100 videos of all time by VH1 in April 2002 compiled from a music industry survey. The Swedish actor Mikael Persbrandt has also danced in a version of the video directed by Malik Bendjelloul. In 2012, British comedian and presenter Rowland Rivron also won charity TV show Let's Dance for Sport Relief with his reenactment of the video's choreography.Walken has cited admiration for Jonze as one of his main reasons for appearing in the video, which he also welcomed as a chance to do "something different". He also noted that as a trained tapdancer, dancing to electronic music suited him well.


== Track listing ==
"Star 69" / "Weapon of Choice""Weapon of Choice 2010"


== Accolades ==


== Charts ==
"Star 69" / "Weapon of Choice" double A-side chart positions

Other versions

1 – "Weapon of Choice"


== References ==


== External links ==
Weapon of Choice music video on YouTube
<|endoftext|>
Dacian Şerban Varga (born 15 October 1984, in Petroșani) is a Romanian footballer who plays mainly as a midfielder. He is the son of Ioan Varga, a former player of Dinamo Bucharest.


== Career ==


=== Childhood ===
Varga began his football career at the age of 8, when his father took him at an indoor-football club based in Deva, a neighbour city of Petroșani. He played for this club until 1996, when he moved at Dinamo Bucharest's youngsters.


=== Dinamo Bucharest ===
At the age of 12, Varga moved to Dinamo's youngsters. He was trained by two former glories, Gheorghe Mihali and Iulian Mihăescu. He became national champion with his teammates before moving to another football club based in Bucharest, Sportul Studențesc.


=== Sportul Studențesc youngsters ===
Varga arrived at Sportul Studențesc when he was 17. Before playing for the senior team, he played until 2004 at Sportul Studențesc Youngsters, a well-known Youth Academy in Bucharest and in Romania. When he arrived at Sportul, he had a controversy with his coach, Cornel Jurcă, in his first match for Sportul's second team, and he was relegated to the Youth Team. The Youth Team coach, Cristian Sava, helped Varga very much, and in 2004, Varga was ready for playing in the Romanian top division, then called Divizia A.


=== Sportul Studențesc ===
His first season at Sportul Studențesc found his team playing in Liga II. After a good season, the team promoted again in Liga I. His first match in Liga I was against Dinamo Bucharest, his former club. After playing only eight matches in the first Liga I season, he became again a first-team player for Sportul in the 2005–2006 season. He scored his first Liga I goal in a match against Jiul Petroșani, a team based in his hometown of Petroșani. The second Liga I goal came in a match against Politehnica Timișoara, in 2006. He scored another goal in a thrilling 5–4 victory for Sportul Studențesc against Dinamo Bucharest, beating Dinamo goalkeeper Cristian Munteanu in the last minute. After Sportul Studențesc relegated in the second division, Varga became the star-player of the team, after a lot of first-team players, like Ionuţ Mazilu, Stelian Stancu, Costin Lazăr or Eduard Stăncioiu left the team. In 2013, after a litigation with Sportul, when unsuccessfully trying to left the team, Varga was declared free agent by Romanian Football Federation, after 9 years spent here.


=== Unirea Urziceni ===
In January 2009, Varga was loaned to FC Unirea Urziceni, thus ending a two-year absence from Liga I. He scored four goals, including a winning strike against title contenders Dinamo, as the team surprisingly finished on top of the table.
During the summer of 2009, Varga was in talks with a number of teams, but ultimately returned to the Ialomița-based team for a one-year loan. Varga made his debut in European competitions in a UEFA Champions League clash against Sevilla FC on 16 September and scored in a 1–1 draw with VfB Stuttgart two weeks later. It was the first goal ever scored in a European competition by Unirea Urziceni.


=== CS Universitatea Craiova ===
On 18 December 2013, Varga joined Liga II side CS Universitatea Craiova on a free transfer. He was released in March 2015


=== ASA Târgu Mureș ===
In June 2015, Varga signed a contract with ASA Târgu Mureș where he reunited with coach Dan Petrescu. He played in the first squad in Romanian Supercup, on 8 July, against Steaua București, but after the game Petrescu left the club and five days later Varga ended his contract with ASA on mutual agreement.


== International career ==
Dacian Varga is a former member of Romania national under-21 football team. He made his debut for Romania U-21 team in a match against Turkey U-21 football team, in February 2006. Romania lost the match, and Varga played 60 minutes. The second, and also the last match played by Varga for Romania U-21 football team, was against Switzerland U-21 football team, a 3–3 draw.
In February 2009, Dacian made his debut for Romania national football team in a friendly match against Croatia. He came off the bench in the second half as a substitute. He is only the second player in Romania's history to be capped while playing for a second league club.


== Titles ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Dacian Varga at Soccerway
Dacian Varga at RomanianSoccer.ro (in Romanian) and StatisticsFootball.com
Dacian Varga profile at SportulStudentesc.com (in Romanian)
<|endoftext|>
Robert Ian Andrews (born 17 June 1959) is a British rock guitarist, and former member of the bands Generation X, Empire and Westworld.


== Early life ==
Andrews was born in Fulham, England, on 17 June 1959, the son of a mother who was a secretary, and a West London cobbler father. He began to play the guitar at the age of 10, being musically influenced particularly by the work of the British blues rock guitarist Paul Kossoff and Rory Gallagher, and in his youth also rode in junior Motorcycle Speedway competitions in West London. On leaving school at 16, he spent a year as an assistant gardener at Kensington Palace.


== Generation X ==
In late 1976, Andrews was playing lead guitar, his preferred instrument being the Fender stratocaster, with an amateur rocker band called Paradox. Whilst performing at a gig at the Fulham Arts Centre he was talent-spotted by the punk-rocker Billy Idol, who was at that time looking for a guitar player to complete the line-up of a new band that he had just formed that would be named Generation X. Andrews was recruited to be its lead guitarist, in the process freeing Idol from the band's guitar role to become its frontman/singer. Andrews was subsequently christened with the punk pseudonym "Derwood" by the band, a name invented on the spur of the moment by a friend of his whilst under interrogation from Tony James, the band's strategist, about school nicknames that Andrews had in search of a punk stage-name, to avoid James discovering and using the name "Dobbin", which Andrews' prominent front teeth in his school years had attracted. After less than a week, and a handful of rehearsals, Andrews took the stage for the band's first gig, at the Central London College of Art & Design on 10 December 1976.The band subsequently signed a recording contract with Chrysalis Records and released its first single, "Your Generation", in September 1977, which went to No. 36 in the UK Singles Chart. Andrews remained with the band through their two long-players, the self-titled Generation X (1978), which reached No. 29 in the UK Albums Chart, followed by Valley of the Dolls (1979).After two propitious opening years, with a hectic touring schedule and record releases entering the charts, the release of the Valley of the Dolls LP at the start of 1979, although being marked simultaneously by their highest chart hit with the single "King Rocker" (No. 11 in the UK Singles Chart), initiated the beginning of a deterioration in the commercial success of the band, and differences began to surface within it between Andrews and Billy Idol and the bass player Tony James as to its future musical direction. The disagreement about direction was augmented by Idol and James' refusal to allow Andrews to contribute to their songwriting partnership, and an increasing personal antipathy that had developed in Andrews towards Idol. In May 1979, Andrews warned them that he was increasingly feeling like leaving Generation X, which was avoided by focusing on the band's first international tour in Japan mid-year, but on returning to England, during the recording sessions for the band's abortive third album (which would be released retrospectively 20 years later, by Andrews in the face of opposition from Idol, under the title K.M.D. - Sweet Revenge) internal disputes came to a head, and Andrews quit the band just before Christmas. He would be joined by the band's drummer Mark Laff a month later, who Idol and James asked to leave over another disagreement.


== Empire ==
In early 1980, Andrews and Laff recorded as session musicians on Jimmy Pursey's first solo album Imagination Camouflage (1980) (Andrews receiving co-writing credit for two of the LP's songs, Freak Show and Situation's Vacant), before in mid-1980 Andrews and Laff with the bassist Simon Bernal formed the three man post-punk band Empire, with Andrews as the act's lead vocalist. Empire commercially released via the new label Dinosaur Discs, backed by a record shop of the same name at No. 17 Barons Court Road in West Kensington, the song "Hot Seat" (1981), with a B-side entitled "All These Things", which failed to enter the UK Singles Chart. A long-player entitled Expensive Sound (1981), recorded without a producer at Alvic Studios in Barons Court, also failed to enter the UK Album Chart. The band played a handful of gigs around London before Bernal left. After an unstable line-up and some more gigging in 1981-1982, Laff left the act in February 1983 in frustration with its lack of apparent commercial development.In early 1983, Andrews renamed the act New Empire after recruiting the vocalist Babel Wallace, Mike Gregovich (one of the sound engineers at Alvic Studios who had recorded the band's Expensive Sound LP) playing bass, and Crispin Taylor on the drums. The new line-up released a white label 12" titled "Inside You", and toured in the UK in 1983 as a support act to John Miles and Roman Holliday, and also in Spain, where it found some unanticipated and mysteriously caused popularity with well attended shows. However, without a record label's support, New Empire's increasingly adverse financial circumstances led to Andrews ending it in February 1984 at a gig at the Thames Hall in Slough, Berkshire; Andrews signaling the defeat by wrecking his amp with his guitar in the band's final performance. (A retrospective album of New Empire material would be released in the United States 24 years later entitled Expansive Sound (2009)).Despite its lack of commercial success, Empire was an influential band in the development of the emo music genre in the United States, and an acknowledged key influence via songs such as "Him or Me" (1981) on the development of the sound of The Stone Roses from the Manchester scene of the late 1980s.The Expansive Sound LP was commercially re-issued in the United Kingdom in 1986. In the United States, it was re-issued in 2003 by the label Poorly Packaged Products as a double album containing seven previously unreleased studio recordings by the band and live performance material, and in 2014 a limited run collector's edition of the original record and sleeve artwork was released by Drastic Plastic Records.


== Westworld ==
In 1986 Andrews formed a retro-1950s Americana style "beatbox rock'n'roll"/rockabilly band called Westworld, with the singer Elizabeth Westwood and the guitarist/drummer Nick Burton. It had an early hit with its debut single "Sonic Boom Boy", which reached No. 11 in the UK Singles Chart in February 1987, which was subsequently commercially used as a backing music track by Sony for one of its television product advertising campaigns.Between 1986-1990 the band performed as a trio utilizing a drum machine and sequencers with two guitarists, Andrews (lead), Burton (rhythm), fronted by Westwood as the singer, and commercially released in the United Kingdom via R.C.A. six singles, five of which entered the top 80 of the UK Singles Chart: Sonic Boom Boy (1987), Ba-Na-Na-Bam-Boo (1987), Where the Action Is (1987), Silvermac (1987), and Everything Good is Bad (1988). A long-player entitled 'Where the Action Is' reached No. 49 in the UK Albums Chart in September 1987. Due to the band's declining chart success R.C.A. dropped its contract, with the band's final U.K. release, the rip-roaring Dance On (which would be Andrews' career parting shot to the United Kingdom's commercial charts) reaching No. 92 in the UK Singles Chart in June 1989. Andrews departed from England with Westwood to live in the United States in 1992, where they released two further singles and two long-players in the U.S. market via an independent label, but without commercial success, and they ended the Westworld act in 1994. A retrospective LP of material from Westworld, entitled Sick Cool, recorded between 1992-1994, was released commercially in the United States in 2018.


== Moondogg ==
In 1994, Andrews with Elizabeth Westwood came back to live in London from the U.S. and set up a new experimental Electronic pop/rock act entitled 'Moondogg', working in collaboration with Martin Lee Stephenson in a Hoxton recording studio. The act released several records over the next decade, published by varying small labels in the United Kingdom, U.S. and Japan without impacting any commercial charts. A single entitled 'Wonderfool' (1995) was first released, followed by a long-player entitled Fat Lot of Good (1996) carrying a commercially counterintuitive cover art image. The album was supported by the release of an E.P. titled 'Silver Lining', and the singles 'Black Pain' (1996), and 'Nothing's Sacred' (1996). Another L.P. entitled God's Wallop was recorded in London in the mid-1990s (before Andrews and Westwood quit London and returned to the U.S.), with Rat Scabies playing the drum tracks, produced by Martin Lee Stephenson, but it wasn't commercially released until 2001. A third LP, entitled All the Love in the World (2004), self-produced by Andrews, was recorded by the act at Studio Dee in Los Angeles with a session drummer, and was commercially released in the U.S.


== Speedtwinn ==
In 1996 Andrews joined a provisional new London band consisting of Glenn Matlock, "Rat Scabies" and Gary Twinn called Dead Horse, but the act failed to develop beyond some rehearsals and a demo recording session, after Matlock abandoned it to join the reformation of the Sex Pistols. From this line-up, Andrews and the vocalist Gary Twinn formed a hybrid British-American alternative country act entitled Speedtwinn, which they relocated to Joshua Tree, California in 1998, combining British rock music from the 1970s with American country music. After gigging in small venues in the area, and recording music videos of cover songs ranging from T-Rex to Johnny Cash, they wrote and commercially released in the United States a self-produced album entitled California (2003), which failed to enter the U.S. charts. Speedtwinn disbanded soon afterwards.


== Solo works - Tone Poet ==
In 2007, Andrews released a solo rock music album entitled Tone Poet (2007). He subsequently recorded and released Cover Yer Arse (2010), a compilation album of cover songs. In 2013, he released a downloadable song, "Sleeping Beauty" from Tone Poet Vol. I.
In 2013, Andrews switched from the electric guitar to playing the lap steel guitar, and subsequently released an American blues album entitled Tone Poet, Vol. II (2014), and toured the British Isles performing music from it in 2015, with 'Sean & Zander' as co-headliners. He also released a song entitled "Winter Pt 1", which was part of an unreleased album entitled Mojave Full Circle. He released two more American blues albums in 2016-2018, entitled Tone Poet Vol. 3 (2016) and Tone Poet Vol.4 (2018). In 2019 Andrews released a compilation long-player of the Tone Poet series, paradoxically entitled Smash Hits (2019), with an introduction to the material written by Henry Rollins.


== Reunions ==
On 20 September 1993, Andrews performed in a late-1970s Generation X line-up reunion at the Astoria Theatre in London's West End.
In 2006, Andrews and Laff re-recorded the Empire single "Hot Seat" for the 25th anniversary of the release of Expansive Sound LP, which was commercially released on the Expansive Sound Volume II (2009) compilation. In 2011, Andrews played again with New Empire's ex-singer Babel Wallace for the recording of a song called "Bed Head" for Wallace's solo album, Good Things Can Happen.


== Influence ==
Andrews has been cited as an influence by guitarists Johnny Marr of The Smiths, and John Squire of The Stone Roses, and his song back-catalogue has been covered by a diverse range of bands, including the U.S. Bombs and the L.A. Guns.


== Personal life ==
Andrews relocated from England to Cave Creek, Arizona, United States of America in 1992. He subsequently moved to Los Angeles, where he dropped out of professional music for a period and worked as a motorcycle courier in the mid-late 1990s, during which time he married Stephanie in Hollywood. In the early 2000s, he moved to California's High Desert region.


== Discography ==


=== Studio albums ===
Generation X1978 – Generation X (Chrysalis Records) UK No. 29
1979 – Valley of the Dolls (Chrysalis Records) UK No. 51
1979 – K.M.D. - Sweet Revenge (unreleased until 1998, reissued in 2003 as second disc for the Generation Xbox-set).
2004 – K.M.D. – Sweet Revenge Xtra (Revel Yell Music) (Featuring bonus tracks.)Generation X Compilations
1985 – The Best of Generation X (Chrysalis Records)
1990 – The Idol Generation (Castle Communications) (Australia only.)
1991 – Perfect Hits 1975–81 (Chrysalis Records)
1999 – Live at the Paris Theatre '78 & '81 (EMI Records) (Reissued (and edited) in 2002 as One Hundred Punks – BBC Live in Concert.)
2002 – Radio 1 Sessions (Strange Fruit Records)
2003 – Anthology (EMI Records)
2003 – Live at Sheffield (Empty Records)Empire1981 – Expensive Sound (Dinosaur Discs) (American reissue in 1986 by Highway 61 Records).
2003 – Expensive Sound (Poorly Packaged Products Records) (Also featuring 7 previously unreleased songs and 4 live cuts).
2009/2012 – Volume II – Expansive Sound (Poorly Packaged Products Records) (the never issued before New Empire tracks, plus covers and live cuts from 1983–84).Westworld1987 – Where the Action Is (RCA Records) UK No. 49
1987 – Rockulator (RCA Records) (US release of Where the Action Is with different track listing and artwork and some new mixes).
1988 – Beatbox Rock 'N' Roll (RCA Records) (not released in the UK).
1991 – Movers and Shakers (MCA Records) (not released in the UK).
1997 – Beatbox Rock 'N' Roll (Camden Records) (Compilation album, not to be confused with the same-titled second album).
2018 - Sick Cool (Rubbercheese Music) (retrospective release of material recorded in 1992-1994).Moondogg1996 – Fat Lot of Good (Better Records)
2001 – God's Wallop (D.O.R.)
2004 – All the Love in the World (Rubbercheese Music)Speedtwinn2003 – California (Orange Recordings)


=== Solo records ===
2007 – Tone Poet, Vol. 1 (Rubbercheese Music) (Digital download only.)
2010 – Cover Yer Arse (Main Man Records)
2014 – Tone Poet, Vol. 2 (Rubbercheese Music) 
2016 – Tone Poet, Vol. 3 (Rubbercheese Music) (Digital download only.)
2018 - Tone Poet, Vol. 4 (Rubbercheese Music) (Digital download only.)
2019 - Smash Hits ('Tone Poet' compilation) (Rubbercheese Music).


== References ==


== External links ==
Bob "Derwood" Andrews – Discogs.com
Bob "Derwood" Andrews' Myspace page
Moondogg MySpace page
<|endoftext|>
No Fixed Address are an Australian Aboriginal reggae rock group formed in 1979. The band was led by Bart Willoughby (lead vocals and drums) Pitjanjatjara from Koonibba Mission near Ceduna in the far south west of South Australia, together with Ricky Harrison (rhythm guitarist and principal songwriter) Kurnai from Morwell in Victoria, Leslie Lovegrove Freeman (lead guitarist), Ngarrindjeri from Murray Bridge in South Australia, John Miller (bass) from Port Lincoln in South Australia and Veronica Rankine (tenor saxophone), Ngarrindjeri from the south east of South Australia.  Many members were related through family ties, Willoughby, Miller and Freeman were cousins. Freeman, related to Harrison through marriage, recruited him from Victoria and they all met and formed the band at the Centre for Aboriginal Studies in Music (CASM) in North Adelaide, South Australia.


== Biography ==
The band members were students at CASM and there first heard reggae music from Jamaica. The band were a very popular pub rock outfit among students and the alternative music scene, especially supported by community radio station 5MMM. In 1979, the band played its first large concert at the National Aboriginal Day held at Taperoo, South Australia. In 1980 the band made a movie "Wrong Side of the Road" with another CASM band, Us Mob. The movie dealt with the trials and joys of touring and the contrasting receptions they received in Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities. With the recording of the soundtrack, No Fixed Address and Us Mob became the first contemporary aboriginal bands to be recorded. On the strength of their live performances and airplay of their demo recordings on 5MMM they were the cover story on the August 1980 edition of national rock magazine Roadrunner.In 1982 the band were contracted to Rough Diamond Records, a subsidiary of Polygram Records and released their debut mini album From My Eyes. The album was launched at the Hilton Hotel by the Australian Prime Minister, Bob Hawke. The video for the single, "From My Eyes" was filmed at Hanging Rock, Victoria and the Old Melbourne Gaol. The band toured Australia in 1982, in support of Peter Tosh. Following the success of the Peter Tosh tour, the band became the first Aboriginal band to travel overseas, touring Great Britain, playing at nine cities including London, Bristol, Leeds, Plymouth and Manchester.Didgeridoo player, Billy Inda, made a guest appearance, Joe Geia played the introduction didgeridoo on folk rock band Goanna's single "Solid Rock" from their 1982 album, Spirit of Place – it peaked at No. 3 in October on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart – it is the first charting rock song to feature the didgeridoo. The 1984 video for "We Have Survived" was filmed at Palm Beach and Botany Bay in Sydney.  The song has become an unofficial anthem for many of Australia's indigenous peoples. Returning to Australia Willoughby joined his cousin (Bunna Lawrie)'s band, Coloured Stone in 1984.
In 1987 Willoughby reformed the band and they toured Europe, including a number of eastern bloc countries, appearing at the East Berlin Festival. In late 1988 Willoughby joined Yothu Yindi and as result the group disbanded again.
In 2008 the band reformed and played at the Dreaming Festival & Tarerer Festival in Woodford, Queensland, where they released a limited edition CD copy of From My Eyes. Also in 2008 the band's song "We Have Survived" was added to the National Film and Sound Archive's Sounds of Australia registry.In August 2011 No Fixed Address, along with Coloured Stone, were inducted into the Hall of Fame at the inaugural National Indigenous Music Awards.On 29 September 2016 the band performed at the Lomond Hotel in Brunswick East, Melbourne. At the event Willoughby mentioned that the band may be doing further shows.
In 2020, Lindes Lane (a street abutting Adelaide's Rundle Mall) was renamed "No Fixed Address Lane", in honour of the band.


== Members ==
Bart Willoughby – drums, vocals, guitar, didgeridoo (1979–1985, 1987–1988, 2008–current)
Selwyn Burns – guitar
Joe Geia – vocals, percussion, didgeridoo (1982–1983)
Les Graham – guitar (1979–1983)
Ricky Harrison – guitar (1979–1985 2008-current)
Joe Hayes – bass (1982)
Billy Inda – percussion, didgeridoo (1982)
Chris Jones – guitar (1982–1985)
Les Lovegrove – guitar (1987–1988, 2008-current)
Rick Lovegrove – guitar (1987–1988,)
Louis McManus – guitar (1984–1985)
John 'John' Miller – bass (1979–1985, 1987–1988, 2008-current)
Nicky Moffatt – bass (1983–1985)
Veronica Rankine – vocals, saxophone, flute (1979–1985)
Peter Meredith – guitar (1983–1984)
Billy Gorham – bass (1982 -1983)- Donald 'Ducky' Taylor (1982-1983)


== Discography ==


=== Albums ===


=== Singles ===


== References ==

McFarlane, Ian (1999). Encyclopedia of Australian Rock and Pop. Allen & Unwin. ISBN 1-86448-768-2.


== External links ==
AFI Screen Biographies
[1] annotated bibliographical records
Listen to 'We Have Survived' on australianscreen online
'We Have Survived' was added to the National Film and Sound Archive's Sounds of Australia registry in 2008
<|endoftext|>
Lorenzo is a 2004 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation about a cat, Lorenzo, who is "dismayed to discover that his tail has developed a personality of its own." The short was directed by Mike Gabriel and produced by Baker Bloodworth. It premiered at the Florida Film Festival on March 6, 2004, and later appeared as a feature before the film Raising Helen; however, it did not appear on the DVD release of the film. It is based on an original idea by Joe Grant, who started working on the film in 1949, but it was eventually shelved. It was later found along with Destino. The short was intended to be one of the segments for the proposed but never completed Fantasia 2006. It was included on the Walt Disney Animation Studios Short Films Collection Blu-ray/DVD set released on August 18, 2015.


== Plot ==
A cat named Lorenzo lounges on a cushion.  A black cat passes by, and Lorenzo can't help but express his glee that the stray is missing his tail.  Lorenzo flaunts his own luxurious backside accessory, and goads the cat with expansive displays of tailery.  As Lorenzo laughs the black cat casts a hex, bringing Lorenzo's tail to energetic life.  Lorenzo is little more than perturbed until the tail's incessant motion begins to take its toll.  The pampered cat grows both exhausted and desperate, as it becomes apparent that even the most extreme measures (such as high voltage electrocution, drowning, and being run over by a train) will not quiet his tail.  At junctures the black cat appears and offers Lorenzo a knife, his intentions clear.  Lorenzo resists him just as strongly as he does his tail's advances.  Lorenzo is however, finally driven to capitulate and severs his own glorious tail.


== Production ==
Lorenzo is based on an original idea by Disney artist and writer, Joe Grant. He came up with the idea after he saw his cat dive into the middle of a fight between his two poodles. He wondered, what if that cat lost its tail? Grant began developing Lorenzo in 1949. It was written, designed and directed by Mike Gabriel, in collaboration with Grant. Don Hahn suggested Gabriel to use tango music as an inspiration when conceptualizing the film. In search for a tango music, he went to a Virgin Megastore, where he spent $346 of his own money buying 40 tango CDs. The first song he listened to—"Bordoneo y 900", performed by Juan José Mosalini and his Big Tango Orchestra—secured his attention and became the song he chose for the production. For the final film's score, the creators hired Mosalini and Big Tango Orchestra, who recorded in France a new version of "Bordoneo y 900." Baker Bloodworth produced the film, along with Roy E. Disney and Don Hahn who served as executive producers. Gabriel hand painted all of the short's backgrounds with Tempera paint on a black construction paper. A painterly renderer called Sable, created by Daniel Teece, was used to create 3D brush strokes on the backgrounds. Traditional animation and clean-up were done at the Paris-based division of Walt Disney Feature Animation, while all painting, digital work, and post-production were performed at the Burbank studio.The short was developed as a potential segment for Fantasia 2006, the third installment following Fantasia and Fantasia 2000. After several years of funding and staff cutbacks at Walt Disney Feature Animation, the project was shelved by November 2003. In addition to Lorenzo, two other potential shorts that could be included in Fantasia 2006 were also completed before the projects cancellation – Destino  and One by One – and were subsequently released as individual short films.


== Awards ==
Lorenzo was nominated for the Academy Award for Short Film (Animated) at the 77th Academy Awards in 2005. The short won the 2005 Annie Award for Best Animated Short Subject. It was included in the Animation Show of Shows in 2004.


== References ==


== External links ==
Lorenzo at The Encyclopedia of Disney Animated Shorts
Lorenzo Director Mike Gabriel talks about the production design of his film Lorenzo
Lorenzo at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Pistoleta (Occitan: [pistuˈlɛtɔ]; fl. 1185–1228) was a Provençal troubadour. His name (actually a nickname) means "little letter (epistle)" in Occitan. He left behind eleven songs, comprising nine cansos and two tensos. Some of his pieces are assigned to an otherwise unknown Jordan de Born in the table of contents of chansonnier C, a fourteenth-century Occitan manuscript.
According to his vida, he was a cantaire (singer) of Arnaut de Maruoill, which probably implies that he was a jongleur who sang Arnaut's songs or perhaps acted as a messenger to bring his songs from one place to another both orally and in writing. He may have carried Arnaut's love songs to the "Countess of Burlatz" (comtessa de Burlats); this would explain his nickname. If the vida be correct about Pistoleta's early career, then he was probably a jongleur from about 1195 or perhaps as early as 1185 and only began his own composing career around 1205.
Five of Pistoleta's songs contain references to the King of Aragon, usually presumed to be Peter II. At some point he became a vassal of Peter's, as he writes in Ai! tan sospir mi venon noit e dia of the reis d'Arragon, de cui ai fait siengnor ("king of Aragon, whom I have made [my] lord"). From this it can be deduced that he spent some time at Peter's court, but he also addressed the king in at least one poem, Anc mais nulhs hom no fon apoderatz, from far away. He is also said to have had relations with Ebles V of Ventadorn, Thomas I of Savoy, and Blacas III of Aulps. In his youth he may have travelled into Limousin and Languedoc and met Maria de Ventadorn, Ebles' wife. He composed a tenso with the latter, which has been dated to late 1228, making it his last known work and the only known work by Maria.
Sometime after October 1214 Pistoleta wrote Ses chantars fos grazitz, which was something of a planh, since it mourns the passing of Peter II and Alfonso VIII of Castile in 1213 and 1214 respectively:

Sometime after composing this song, probably in Languedoc or Catalonia (Pistoleta implies perhaps visiting Perpignan), where Peter and Alfonso were frequently active, Pistoleta returned east of the Rhône to Provence. Probably about this time he travelled into Savoy, where he met Thomas I. It was also during this period in Provence that he met and debated with Blacas sometime after 1220, for he mentions the emperaire (emperor) Frederick II who was crowned in 1220 and became suzerain of Provence that year.Though Pistoleta's biographer implies that "graceful melodies" (avinens sons, lit. pleasing sounds) were typical of his work, only one melody has survived (for his popular and well-preserved sirventes beginning Ar agues eu mil mars de fin argen) and that in two different versions. His composing was very conservative, more so than his master, Arnaut. Though well-esteemed by "high society", he was a poor conversationalist and unpleasant in appearance. He eventually settled down in Marseille, took a wife, and became a merchant, acquiring considerable wealth which allowed him to stop his itinerant "court-hopping". Unfortunately, there is no corroborating documentation for anything contained in Pistoleta's vida.Pistoleta also wrote two tensos with two trobairitz (female troubadour): Bona domna, un conseill vos deman ("Good lady, I beg you to advise me") with an anonymous lady and the aforementioned piece with Maria de Ventadorn.


== Sources ==


== Notes ==
<|endoftext|>
Corythucha distincta is a species of lace bug in the family Tingidae. It is found in North America.


== Subspecies ==
These two subspecies belong to the species Corythucha distincta:

Corythucha distincta distincta Osborn & Drake, 1916
Corythucha distincta spinata Osborn & Drake, 1917


== References ==


== Further reading ==
<|endoftext|>
Revest-St-Martin (Provençal: Revèst e Sant Martin) is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.


== Population ==


== See also ==
Communes of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Janet Mead (born 1938, Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian Catholic nun who is best known for recording a rock version of "The Lord's Prayer". The surprise hit reached Number 3 on the Australian singles chart (Kent Music Report) in 1974 and Number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the same year. The single earned her a Grammy Award nomination and Golden Gospel Award in 2004. It sold over one and a half million copies and was awarded a gold disc by the RIAA on 8 April 1974.Mead became the second woman to have a top 10 single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart while serving as a nun. Sister Luc-Gabrielle (Jeanine Deckers) aka Sœur Sourire and The Singing Nun, had a Number 1 pop hit in 1963 with "Dominique".
Mead also taught music at Saint Aloysius College where the music video for "The Lord's Prayer" was filmed. Mead still visits Saint Aloysius to teach the junior school students basic music.


== Life and career ==
Mead formed a rock band simply called The Rock Band when she was 17 to provide music for the weekly Mass at her local church. She studied piano at the Adelaide Conservatorium before joining the Sisters of Mercy order and became a music teacher at two local Catholic schools. She began to explore the "Rock Mass" concept in the early 1970s, desiring to make the Mass more interesting and accessible for her students. This led to a successful series of "Rock Masses" which she conducted at Adelaide Cathedral.Mead began making professional recordings of her music for schools and churches in 1973. Later that year, she went to Sydney for a recording session with Festival Records produced by Martin Erdman.Festival asked her to record a cover of the Donovan song "Brother Sun, Sister Moon" which had been written for the soundtrack of the Franco Zeffirelli film of the same name, but Martin Erdman wanted to record a rock arrangement of "The Lord's Prayer" to serve as the B-side and so a one-hit wonder was born. The single became the first Australian recording to sell over one million copies in the United States, earning a gold record award for Mead and Martin Erdman. Mead donated her share of the royalties to charity while Festival Records used their portion of the proceeds to refit one of their studios.The success of the single led to the recording of an album. It was With You I Am, which hit No. 19 in July 1974. Her second album, A Rock Mass, was a complete recording of one of her now famous Rock Masses. She slipped onto the United States' charts once more with the follow-up single, "Take My Hand", but never approached the immense success of her debut.
Mead resisted the call to continue her pop career, despite intense media interest. She now describes the record's success as a "horrible time" in her life – worldwide success brought a pressure that led her to question her faith. Her third album, recorded in 1983, was filed away in the Festival vaults after Mead withdrew from the public eye. The tapes were rediscovered by Martin Erdman and some tracks, including a new version of "The Lord's Prayer", were included on the 1999 album A Time To Sing. The album was released as part of the 25th anniversary celebrations of the hit single.
Mead did not abandon her love of music and performance and has returned to the arts in recent years.  In October 2001, she directed the Romero Company's annual production at the Melbourne Trades Hall Auditorium, an inventive adaptation by Damien Mead of Victor Hugo's Les Misérables.In 2004, Mead received the Yamaha Golden Gospel Award in recognition of her services to Australian Christian music at the Australian Gospel Music Awards in Canberra. Martin Erdman also received the Yamaha Golden Gospel Award concurrently and presented a short feature film, Sister Janet Mead, at these awards which were co-ordinated by the Australian Gospel Music Association.Mead has also recorded a record with the conservative charismatic religious movement known as the Romero Community.


== Discography ==


=== Albums ===


=== Singles ===


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Electrocop is a 1989 action video game developed by Epyx and published by Atari Corporation in North America and Europe exclusively for the Atari Lynx. It was also released in Japan on November 25 of the same year, where it was instead distributed by Mumin Corporation. One of the first games written for the platform, it was one of the launch titles that were released along with the system in North America.
Set on a futuristic interpretation of Washington, D.C. in the year 2069, players assume the role of the titular robot created by MegaCorp who must infiltrate into the Steel Complex fortress in an attempt of rescuing the President of the United States' first daughter under a time limit from The Criminal Brain, who kidnapped her for a ransom and threats to kill her if his demand is not met. Conceived by Greg Omi, who also developed the Lynx hardware alongside Chip's Challenge creator Chuck Sommerville, Electrocop began its development prior to the existence of any functional Lynx hardware.
Electrocop has received mixed reception from critics and reviewers alike since its release, who unanimously praised the pseudo-3D visuals and sound department, but some criticized the repetitive nature of the gameplay and convoluted graphics. A version of the game was developed and completed by ICC for the Atari 7800 but never released.


== Gameplay ==

Electrocop is a third-person shooter game in which players starts off with a countdown clock of one hour to complete the task of rescuing the president's daughter. You have to make your way through different levels coming up against different foes. These foes are robots that go by, Walker, Python, Mine, Wall Cannon, Virus and Stringray. To get between each level you have to hack through different doors through a computer interface. While in this interface there are directories of Information where you can learn more about the robots, Programs that disable robots and help hack through codes. Games where you can pass the time by playing games of Meteors, Letter Puzzle and Out Break. Along with Med-pack which heals you and weapon repair to help repair your damaged weapons. There are also different weapons to choose from to help you out during the course of the game.


== Development and release ==

Electrocop was conceived by Greg Omi when he worked at Epyx as games developer and programmer alongside Chuck Sommerville. In an online interview with website The Atari Times, Omi recounted about the development process of the game, stating that work on the project began before any functional Atari Lynx hardware existed and the team were working on an emulator of the console on the Amiga microcomputer at a slow frame rate, in addition of also using a video camera to scan the image in order to test how the graphics would look like once the hardware was finalized, although an early revision of the Lynx capable of displaying raster graphics was made later during development. Omi also stated that he initially had a lack of knowledge of 3D computer graphics and matrices, as he needed a graphical perspective for his project and consulted Blue Lightning programmer Stephen Landrum in how to write it, as the system could not perform sprite rotation.A long-running rumor was that Electrocop initially started as a 3D sequel to Dennis Caswell's Impossible Mission. However, when asked about this rumor, Omi said "it's funny, but I can't remember if it was supposed to be a sequel to Impossible Mission or not. I remember writing a story and basic game design and pitching it to RJ [Mical], but I don't remember if they were asking for a sequel." Despite being a fan of Impossible Mission and knowing Caswell personally, Omi could not recall if he was still a member of Epyx. Atari composer Alex Rudis was also involved during the production of the project and created the music for it. The introductory sequence was created by Sommerville, who developed an animation engine that would be re-used on other titles for the hardware such as Blue Lightning and Todd's Adventures in Slime World, in addition of the minigame sequences.Electrocop was one of the original launch titles during the initial release of the Lynx in 1989, along with the aforementioned Blue Lightning, California Games and Gates of Zendocon. It was also released in Europe around the same time period and later in Japan on December 23 of the same year, where it was distributed by Mumin Corporation instead and the difference between the international and Japanese releases is that the latter came bundled with an instruction manual in Japanese. The game was first showcased to the public during the International Summer Consumer Electronics Show 1989 along with the system, though early previews showed the title under the earlier name Net Runner.


=== Atari 7800 version ===

A version of Electrocop was in development by ICC for Atari Corporation on the Atari 7800, focusing on action and platforming instead of the third-person shooter gameplay style from the original Lynx version and was also showcased during an exhibition at the Consumer Electronics Show in a complete state. The 7800 version is notable for being one of the first titles where director and writer Amy Hennig was involved, creating the artwork using Atari ST and Macintosh computers as a freelancer. However, despite Hennig stating that work on the project was completed, this version would never be released due to Atari cancelling its release late during the official life span of the system. In a 2007 forum post at AtariAge, former MicroProse UK employee Steve Goss revealed artwork of the cancelled conversion that was given to him by Hennig herself.


== Reception ==

Electrocop garnered mixed reception. In a capsule review for STart, Clayton Walnum praised the game's graphics and variety of challenges. Robert A. Jung reviewed the game which was published to IGN Entertainment. In his final verdict he wrote "This cart was a brilliant concept that didn't completely click; the race against the clock and the real-time exploration/combat elements are hampered with uninspired gameplay and little variety. Electrocop's stunning visuals and sounds make it fun to watch, but whether you'd buy a game for its razzle-dazzle is a personal decision." Giving a final score of 7 out of 10.


== Legacy ==
In recent years, Greg Omi has stated that no sequel was ever planned to be in development. In 1993, Atari Corp. requested several Epyx titles in order to be converted and release to the then-upcoming Atari Jaguar, with Electrocop among the list of selected titles, although no actual development on a Jaguar version was ever started.


== References ==


== External links ==
Electrocop at AtariAge
Electrocop at GameFAQs
Electrocop at Giant Bomb
Electrocop at MobyGames
<|endoftext|>
Paralimna punctipennis is a species of shore flies (insects in the family Ephydridae).


== References ==


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
Panghyon Airport (also written Banghyon airfield) is an airport near Panghyŏn-dong in Kusong, Pyongan-bukto, North Korea.


== Facilities ==
The airfield has a single concrete runway 13/31, measuring 8500 x 180 feet (3277 x 55 m).  It has a full length parallel taxiway and other taxiways leading to hangars.  Earth revetments are located along the parallel taxiway.  Some aeronautical charts show a second north–south runway; however it may just be a taxiway.


== Missile Base ==
In December 2016, U.S. analysts reported that a missile base had been constructed approximately 13 miles from the airport, and was possibly the site for Hwasong-10 missiles tests in October. It is also the site of North Korea's first successful test-launch of the Hwasong-14, the country's first intercontinental ballistic missile, on July 4, 2017.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Arbury Hill, at 225 m (738 ft), is the joint highest point in the English county of Northamptonshire.  It is 9 km (5.6 mi) southwest of the town of Daventry.
The slopes of Arbury Hill are a drainage divide between three major river catchment areas, with the Nene to the north, east and south, the Cherwell (a tributary of the Thames) to the south-west and the Leam (a tributary of the Severn) to the west and north-west. There are fine views with Rugby and Coventry visible to the northwest and Northampton to the east. The River Nene rises in a swampy hollow on the northwestern flanks of the hill.


== History ==
On the summit of Arbury Hill there are the vestiges of an Iron Age Fort (grid reference SP540587), although its date and origin are disputed. The remains are in the form of a square ditch and embankment about 200 metres across. Although little trace remains of this fort, the outer bank encloses an area of about 12 acres (4.9 ha). It is mentioned as one of the in a land grant of Edmund the Elder, as being the place where the three parishes of Badby, Dodford and Everdon meet.The summit of Arbury Hill was one in a series of points used for triangulation in 1784 to determine the exact diameter and magnitude of the Earth, in a sequence of measurements undertaken by the British Government. There is a Triangulation station on the summit.There is a motor-cross track on the east side and top of the hill that is used for competitions about three times a year. The soil is clayey, the site is steeply sloping and there are plenty of elevation changes, some off camber turns and a few smallish jumps.


== Gallery ==

		


== References ==


== External links ==
Photo of Arbury Hill and the main source of the River Nene
<|endoftext|>
Asile's World is the second album by Elisa released in 2000. The album went double Platinum in Italy with 250.000 copies sold. Its repackage contains "Luce (tramonti a nord est)" with which Elisa won the 1st place at the famous Sanremo Festival in 2001.


== Track listing ==
All lyrics written by Elisa, except where noted.

Re-issue


== Personnel ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Kvichak River is a large river, about 50 miles (80 km) long, in southwestern Alaska in the United States. It flows southwest from Lake Iliamna to Kvichak Bay, an arm of Bristol Bay, on the Alaska Peninsula. The communities of Igiugig and Levelock lie along the Kvichak River. The Kvichak is navigable along its entire length, and is used as a short cut by boats getting between Cook Inlet and Bristol Bay via the Lake Iliamna portage.
The Kvichak River is home to the largest red salmon run in the world. Commercial harvests are worth hundreds of millions of U.S. dollars annually.
The Kvichak River is part of the watershed downstream of the proposed Pebble Mine.
Historically, the river was navigated and subsistence fished by local Alaska Natives.  The name of the river means from- or up to- great water, a reference to Iliamna Lake, Alaska's largest freshwater lake.
The Kvichak River was a finalist for the 2017 Riverprize Award for being one of the best-managed and sustainable rivers in the world.


== See also ==
List of rivers of Alaska


== References ==


== External links ==
Kvichak River Photos
Wildlife of the Kvichak and Nushagak watersheds – U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
<|endoftext|>
Xenomeris is a genus of fungi in the family Venturiaceae.


== Species ==
X. abietis
X. acicola
X. alpina
X. arbuti
X. eucalypti
X. hemisphaerica
X. juniperi
X. nicholsonii
X. pruni
X. raetica
X. saccifolii


== References ==


== External links ==
Xenomeris at Index Fungorum
<|endoftext|>
Alain Bugat (1948 - 20 January 2019) was a French nuclear engineer, research administrator and chief executive. He headed the Commissariat à l'énergie atomique from 2003 to 2009 and was chief executive of several engineering companies. He is an ingénieur général de l'armement.
Bugat played an active role in bringing public research to practical application.He was a member of the board of directors of the RATP Group and of the Académie des technologies.


== Biography ==
Bugat was admitted at Polytechnique in 1968 and chose the Corps de l'armement upon graduation in 1971.  He graduated from ENSTA in 1973 and entered the Directorate of Military Applications of the Commissariat à l'énergie atomique (CEA).  Between 1982 he worked at the Ministry of Industry and came back to the Directorate of Military Applications of the CEA in 1984.
In 1989, he became Deputy General Director of CISI Ingenierie and Director General in March 1992.
In December 1992, Alain Bugat became the second Head of the direction des technologies avancées (Directorate of Advanced Technologies) of the CEA. This directorate had been created in 1989 at the request of the French Government in order to spread to a wider public, in particular high tech SMEs, the scientific and technological capital acquired on public nuclear spendings. This was the "mission de diffusion technologique" (Technology Diffusion Mission). The first Director of Advanced technologies had been Yannick d'Escatha.
In 1999 Bugat was appointed CEO of Technicatome.
In 2003, he was appointed Head of the Commissariat à l'énergie atomiqueIn 2006, his appointment as Head of the Commissariat à l'énergie atomique renewed.Bugat organized a reorientation of the CEA towards environmental technologiesIn 2009 he became CEO of the consulting firm NucadvisorIn 2019 Alain Bugat died 20 January at the age of 70 years old.


== See also ==
Technology diffusion


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
John "Ike" Lloyd Powers (March 13, 1906 – December 22, 1968) was an American professional baseball player who played two seasons for the Philadelphia Athletics during 1927 and 1928, appearing in twenty games as a pitcher, all but one of those appearances being in relief. He was born in Hancock, Maryland and died there at the age of 62.


== External links ==
Career statistics and player information from Baseball-Reference
<|endoftext|>
Sinopterus (meaning "Chinese wing") was a genus of tapejarid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Aptian-age Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of Chaoyang, Liaoning, China. It was first described and named by Wang Xiaolin and Zhou Zhonghe. Three species have been classified in this genus, though only two are generally considered to be valid. Sinopterus is known for its proportionally large skull, which has a birdlike pointed beak, a long bony crest that starts with a tall premaxilla and goes back along the middle of the skull to form a point overhanging the rear of the skull, and its lack of teeth.


== Description and classification ==
 
The type species, S. dongi, is based on IVPP V13363, an articulated, nearly complete skeleton. The skull of this individual was 17 centimeters (6.7 inches) long, and the wingspan was estimated to be 1.2 meters (3.9 feet). The authors suggested that it was an omnivore, and noted that it was the first record of a tapejarid outside of Brazil, and the earliest and most complete tapejarid.A second species, S. gui, was named by Li, Lü, and Zhang in 2003 based on BPV-077, another nearly complete skeleton from the Jiufotang Formation. It was said to differ from S. dongi mainly in its smaller size (only about half the size of S. dongi) and the presence of a notarium, though this was later disproved. Some later studies found S. gui to simply represent a younger specimen of S. dongi, though one large analysis in 2014 found it to be a more primitive tapejarid closely related to Nemicolopterus.A third species was referred to Sinopterus in 2007, S. jii. This species was first named by Lü & Yuan in 2005 as the type species of a new genus which they named Huaxiapterus. Two later studies in 2007 and 2011 both showed that H. jii was in fact more closely related to Sinopterus than to the two other species also assigned to Huaxiapterus, "H." corollatus and "H." benxiensis. Both groups of researchers concluded that Huaxiapterus jii should therefore be reclassified as Sinopterus jii, and that the other two species of "Huaxiapterus" require a new genus name. However, a more complete phylogenetic analysis showed that Sinopterus may actually be an intermediate step in the grade between H. jii and the other two Huaxiapterus species, making Sinopterus paraphyletic if H. jii is included.In 2016, another species, S. lingyuanensis, was named. It differs from other species in the proportions of its nasoantorbital fenestra, its rostral index, the relative sizes of its femur and tibia, and the relative sizes of the first and second wing digits. In the same paper describing this species, the species Huaxiapterus atavismus was also named. However, Xinjun Zhang and colleagues in 2019 considered Huaxiapterus an invalid genus and therefore reassigned H. atavismus to Sinopterus, which created the new combination Sinopterus atavismus.The cladogram below follows the 2014 analysis by Brian Andres and colleagues, showing the placement of two Sinopterus species ("S." gui and S. dongi) within the clade Tapejaromorpha.
 
In 2019, a different analysis, this time by Alexander Kellner and colleagues, had recovered Sinopterus within the Tapejarinae, a subfamily within the larger group Tapejaridae, sister taxon to both Eopteranodon and Huaxiapterus. The cladogram of their analysis is shown below:


== See also ==
List of pterosaur genera
Timeline of pterosaur research


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The city of Montreal, Quebec, Canada held municipal elections on November 1, 1998, to elect a mayor and city councillors. Pierre Bourque was returned to a second term as mayor against a divided opposition.
Various suburban communities on the Island of Montreal also held elections on November 1.


== Results ==


=== Mayor ===


=== Council (incomplete) ===
Party colours do not indicate affiliation or resemblance to any federal and provincial party.

Source: Election results, 1833-2005 (in French), City of Montreal.


== Results in suburban communities (incomplete) ==


=== Dorval ===
Source: "West Island mayors returned," Montreal Gazette, November 2, 1998, A19.


=== Montreal North ===
Sources:
Saint-Leonard


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Azrieli Group  is an Israeli real estate and holding company named after its founder David Azrieli. The company is engaged mainly in the development and management of shopping malls and office buildings in Israel. The company is the largest shopping malls company in Israel and manages 13 shopping malls with about 720,000 square metres. Azrieli Group is listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and is included in the TA-25 and the Real-Estate 15 indices.


== History ==
Azrieli Group started its activities in 1982, developing the Ayalon Mall in Ramat Gan. The mall was opened in July 1985, and was the first mall in Israel to have a large shopping complex outside the city centre with a parking lot surrounding it.  For this mall David Azrieli invented the word for "mall" in Hebrew, "kanyon". The word kanyon is a play on the words "kana" which means "to buy" and "henyon" which means "parking space" (due to the large amount of parking spaces near the mall), while at the same time sounding like the English word canyon. With the establishment of this mall, the word kanyon entered the Hebrew language. The word is now used to describe any covered shopping centre and many malls in Israel since then have been named with "Kanyon" in their title.The group opened its second mall, Hanegev Mall in Beer Sheva, in 1989 and a third mall, the Jerusalem Mall in 1993.
During 2016 the group entered the eCommerce field, by acquiring BUY2 (founded by Aviv Refuah), one of the leading eCommerce websites in Israel, for a deal estimated 80M ILS.
In July 2019, Azrieli acquired 20% of US-based Compass, to compete in the data center real estate business.


=== Development of the Azrieli Center ===
Between 1996 and 2007 the group developed the Azrieli Center in Tel Aviv, a complex that includes three office buildings above a large shopping mall. The Azrieli Center is located on a 34,500 square meter site in east Tel Aviv next the Ayalon Highway, which was previously used as Tel Aviv's dumpster-truck parking garage. The $350,000,000 project revitalized the area.


== Holdings ==


=== Shopping malls ===
17 malls including: 

Ayalon Mall
Hanegev Mall
Jerusalem Mall


=== Office buildings ===
13 Office buildings including:

Azrieli Sarona Tower
Azrieli Towers
Azrieli Holon Business Center


=== Other holdings ===
Buy2 eCommerce (100%)
Granite HaCarmel (100%)
Sonol
Tambour
Bank Leumi (approx. 4.8% holding)
Leumi Card (20% holding)


== See also ==
Economy of Israel
Azrieli Center


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
"I Know You Want Me" is a 1998 song by Nastyboy Klick a.k.a. NBK (later active as NB Ridaz), and CeCe Peniston. To the record also contributed bassist Ray Riendeau, most known for his work with singer Rob Halford (from heavy metal band Judas Priest).The single was released on the various artists' compilation called M.C. Magic Presents Desert Funk! Soundtrack, which was produced by Phoenix-based artist Marcus Cardenas on his own Nastyboy Records, and featured an additional track performed by Peniston (the Latino hip-hop ballad "When I'm with You").On April 18, "I Know You Want Me" peaked at number nine in the U.S. Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 R&B Singles as the lead single of the NBK's second full-length album Tha Second Coming, released later on in 1998 on Upstairs Records.


== Credits and personnel ==
Nastyboy Klick - lead vocals
CeCe Peniston - back vocal
Marcus Cardenas (alias M.C. Magic) - writer, producer, mix
Daniel Salas - writer
Ricardo Martinez - writer
Dave Knauer - additional producer, mix
Ray Riendeau - bass
John Lopez - executive producer
Magics Studio - recording studio
Anthem Studio - mix


== Track listings ==
"I Know You Want Me" (Album version) - 5:16


== Charts ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Nastyboy Klick at AllMusic
CeCe Peniston at AllMusic
<|endoftext|>
The Robber of the Sparrow's Nest (Le Dénicheur de moineaux) is an oil painting by the French Rococo artist Antoine Watteau, now in the National Galleries of Scotland, Edinburgh. Variously dated between 1709 and 1716, the painting is a pastoral scene that is one of a few extant arabesques in Watteau's art; it shows a young couple with a dog, sitting at a sparrow's nest.
In the 18th century, The Robber of the Sparrow's Nest was once in the collection of Watteau's friend and patron Jean de Jullienne; passing through a number of private owners, it came into possession of the Scottish landscape painter Hugh William Williams by the early 19th century; in 1860, the latter's widow donated the painting to the National Gallery of Scotland.


== Exhibition history ==


== Bibliography ==
Adhémar, Hélène (1950). Watteau; sa vie, son oeuvre (in French). Includes "L’univers de Watteau", an introduction by René Huyghe. Paris: P. Tisné. cat. no. 86. OCLC 853537.
Banks, Oliver T. (1977). Watteau and the North: Studies in the Dutch and Flemish Baroque Influence on French Rococo Painting. New York, London: Garland. p. 221. OCLC 1075255658.
Camesasca, Ettore (1971). The Complete Painting of Watteau. Classics of the World's Great Art. Introduction by John Sutherland. New York: Harry N. Abrams. cat. no. 71. ISBN 0810955253. OCLC 143069 – via the Internet Archive.
Dilke, E. F. (1899). French Painters of the Eighteenth Century. London: G. Bell. p. 85. OCLC 1045594851.
Eidelberg, Martin (March 2020). "Le Dénicheur de moineaux". A Watteau Abecedario. Archived from the original on August 9, 2020. Retrieved November 30, 2020.
Glorieux, Guillaume (2011). Watteau. Collection Les Phares (in French). Paris: Citadelles & Mazenod. p. 139. ISBN 9782850883408. OCLC 711039378.
Goncourt, Edmond de (1875). Catalogue raisonné de l'oeuvre peint, dessiné et gravé d'Antoine Watteau. Paris: Rapilly. cat. no. 270. OCLC 1041772738 – via the Internet Archive.
Josz, Virgile (1903). Watteau. Moeurs du XVIIIe siècle (in French). Paris: Société du Mercure de France. p. 83. OCLC 900757508 – via Google Books.
Mantz, Paul (1892). Antoine Watteau. Paris: Librairie illustrée. pp. 28. OCLC 742536514 – via the Internet Archive.
Mathey, Jacques (1959). Antoine Watteau. Peintures réapparues inconnues ou négligées par les historiens (in French). Paris: F. de Nobele. p. 67. OCLC 954214682.
Michel, Christian (2008). Le "célèbre Watteau". Genève: Droz. p. 131. ISBN 978-2-600-01176-1. OCLC 1158803919.
Moussalli, Ulysse (August 1958). "L'Enchantement de Watteau". Jardin des Arts (46): 645–652.
Phillips, Claude (1895). Antoine Watteau. London: Seeley and co. Limited. pp. 16–17. OCLC 729123867 – via the Internet Archive.
Réau, Louis (1928–1930). "Watteau".  In Dimier, Louis (ed.). Les peintres français du XVIII-e siècle: Histoire des vies et catalogue des œuvres (in French). 1. Paris: G. Van Oest. pp. 36, 50, cat. nos. 75, 261. OCLC 564527521.
Roland Michel, Marianne (1981). Watteau: Tutti I Dipinti. I Maestri (in Italian). 19. Translated from the French by Marina Anzil Robertini. Milano: Rizzoli. cat. no. 101. OCLC 48636176. OCLC 801077589. Published in French as Tout Watteau. La Peinture. Paris: Flammarion. 1982. ISBN 2-08-012226-6. OCLC 490060827.
Roland Michel, Marianne (1984). Watteau: An Artist of the Eighteenth Century. London: Trefoil. pp. 213, 269, 281-83, 304. ISBN 0862940494. OCLC 417153549.
Temperini, Renaud (2002). Watteau. Maîtres de l'art (in French). Paris: Gallimard. p. 37, cat. 19. ISBN 9782070116867. OCLC 300225840.
Tillerot, Isabelle (2011). "Engraving Watteau in the Eighteenth Century: Order and Display in the Recueil Jullienne". Getty Research Journal. 3 (3): 33–52. doi:10.1086/grj.3.23005386. eISSN 2329-1249. ISSN 1944-8740. JSTOR 23005386. S2CID 192107598.
Zimmermann, E. Heinrich (1912). Watteau: des Meisters Werke in 182 Abbildungen. Klassiker der Kunst (in German). 21. Stuttgart, Leipzig: Deutsche Verlags-Anstalt. p. 42. OCLC 561124140.
Ziskin, Rochelle (2012). Sheltering Art: Collecting and Social Identity in Early Eighteenth-Century Paris. University Park, PA: Pennsylvania State University Press. pp. 171, 198. ISBN 978-0-271-03785-1.


== External links ==
The Robber of the Sparrow's Nest at the National Galleries of Scotland's official website
<|endoftext|>
Kseniya Alexandrova (Russian: Ксения Александрова, born 12 November 1994) is a Russian model, host, actress, and beauty pageant titleholder. She was first runner-up at the Miss Russia 2017 pageant and later represented Russia at the Miss Universe 2017 pageant.


== Life and career ==
Alexandrova was born and raised in Moscow.


== Pageantry ==


=== Miss Russia 2017 ===
Alexandrova represented Moscow in the Miss Russia 2017 competition, and placed as first runner-up. She succeeded outgoing Miss Russia 2016 1st Runner-up and Miss Universe Russia 2016 Yuliana Korolkova.


=== Miss Universe 2017 ===
Alexandrova represented Russia at the Miss Universe 2017 competition, but did not place in the Top 16 semifinalists. The pageant was won by Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters of South Africa.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Jakub Jacek Bednarczyk (born 2 January 1999) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Zagłębie Lubin on loan from FC St. Pauli.


== Career ==
In January 2019, Bednarczyk joined 2. Bundesliga side FC St. Pauli from Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen having agreed a contract until 2021.


== References ==


== External links ==
Jakub Bednarczyk at DFB (also available in German) 
Jakub Bednarczyk at kicker (in German)
Jakub Bednarczyk at Soccerway
<|endoftext|>
Rhina Polonia Espaillat (born January 20, 1932, La vega, Dominican Republic) is a bilingual Dominican-American poet and translator who is affiliated with the literary movement known as New Formalism in American poetry. She has published eleven collections of poetry. She is known for writing poetry that captures the beauty of the mundane and the routine.


== Family background ==
Espaillat is of mixed Afro-Dominican, Spanish, French, and Arawak descent. She is the daughter of Carlos Manuel Homero Espaillat Brache and the grandniece and god-daughter of Dominican diplomat Rafael Brache. Through her great-uncle, Espaillat is a distant cousin of Democratic Party chairman Tom Perez), a Dominican diplomatic attaché, and Dulce María Batista. Her aunt Rhina Espaillat Brache founded the first ballet institute of La Vega. Espaillat is fourth-cousin once-removed of Adriano Espaillat and great-great-great-grand-niece of Dominican President Ulises Espaillat, and is descended from the French immigrant François Espeillac.


== Life ==
In 1937, Espaillat's father and great uncle, Rafael Brache, were Dominican diplomats stationed in Washington, D.C.. After dictator Rafael Trujillo ordered the Parsley Massacre of Haitians living along the Dominican border, Brache wrote a letter to Trujillo denouncing the massacre and, "saying he could no longer be associated with a government that had committed such a terrible criminal act."In response to the letter, the whole embassy staff were declared traitors and were exiled. Espaillat was temporarily left with her maternal grandmother in the Dominican Republic. In 1939, however, her parents felt more settled in the United States and Rhina joined them in Manhattan.She is a graduate of Hunter College where she got her Bachelor of Arts in 1953.  In 1964 she completed her M.S.E. at Queens College.  She taught English in the New York City public schools for many years, and retired to Newburyport, Massachusetts, where for more than a decade she has led a group of New Formalist poets known as the Powow River Poets.Espaillat attended the first West Chester University Poetry Conference in 1995 and later recalled, "I was the only Hispanic there, but I realized that these people were open to everything, that their one interest was the craft. If you could bring something from another culture, they were open to it."Espaillat subsequently took charge of, "teaching the French Forms and the forms of repetition," but also made sure to teach classes in, "the Spanish and Hispanic examples of the forms" such as the décima and the ovillejo."Due to Espaillat's teaching and encouragement, the ovillejo, particularly, has become very popular among younger New Formalists writing in English. While being interviewed for a book about her life, Espaillat gleefully commented, "On the internet and in the stratosphere, everybody loves it."Espaillat writes poetry in both English and Spanish, and has translated the poetry of Robert Frost and Richard Wilbur into Spanish.Of her translations of Frost, Espaillat once said, "...something like The Witch of Coos seems to be written in a kind of New Hampshirese that's very hard to translate into Spanish. It's too idiosyncratic. But I've been pleased with the shorter lyrics I've done. In the past, I've only seen a few translations of Frost into Spanish, and I don't care for any of them. One of them actually translated Frost into free verse, which I don't think is appropriate at all, and I'm sure that Frost was turning in his grave."According to biographers Nancy Kang and Silvio Torres-Saillant, Espaillat, "has also accrued a solid track record as English translator of Spanish and Latin American verse from across diverse historical periods."Espaillat has produced and published English translations of the verse of Dominican poets Quiterio Berroa y Canelo, Manuel del Cabral, and Héctor Incháustegui Cabral.She has also translated poetry written in Spanish by fellow Dominican-Americans Juan Matos, César Sánchez Beras, Diógenes Abréu, and Dagoberto López.From other Latin American countries, Espaillat has translated the poetry of Miguel de Guevara, Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, Manuel González Prada, Rafael Arévalo Martínez, Gabriela Mistral, Vicente Huidobro, and Alfonsina Storni.From Spain, Espaillat has translated the verse of Saint John of the Cross, Gabriel Bocángel, Gabriel García de Tassara, Miguel de Unamuno, and Miguel Hernández.Espaillat has also translated the poetry of Antero de Quental from Portuguese and the verse of Blas de Otero from Catalan.During an interview with William Baer, Espaillat said, "I can't imagine a world without translation because we'd have no Bible, no Homer, and no Virgil. All of our libraries would shrink down to a single room. So we desperately need translation, but it's crucial for the translator to face the fact that he's not going to get it all. There are going to be losses, which he should try to keep to a minimum, but he can never flatter himself that he's really bringing the poem into another language because it simply can't be done. I think the translator needs to begin with humility. As far as the actual process goes, I think a translator first needs to understand the poem as much as he can, try to get under the author's skin, and see if he can reconstruct the thought process of the original author. The primary job of the translator is to carry the poem from one language to the other with as little damage as possible. Personally, I enjoy the challenge very much, even though I'm never fully satisfied."Espaillat continued, "Whenever I speak to Hispanic groups, I tell the young people to make sure they hold onto their Spanish, and keep it clean, and constantly increase their vocabulary, just as they're doing with English. Then I encourage them and say, 'Now, since you know two languages, for heaven's sake, translate! We need you! Both languages need you to bridge the gap.'"Her work has appeared in Poetry, The American Scholar, and many other journals. She is a two-time winner of the Howard Nemerov Sonnet Award, and she judged the 2012 Contest. Her second poetry collection, Where Horizons Go, was published by Truman State University Press in conjunction with her selection for the 1998 T. S. Eliot Prize. Her 2001 collection, Rehearsing Absence, was published by University of Evansville Press after winning the Richard Wilbur Award.Her work has been included in many popular anthologies, including The Heath Introduction to Poetry (Heath 2000); The Muse Strikes Back (Story Line Press 1997); and In Other Words: Literature by Latinas of the U.S. (Arte Publico Press 1994). She is also known for her English translations of the Spanish language poems of St. John of the Cross (1542–1591), which have appeared in the American journal First Things.Her poetry contains rhythmic sonnets describing family life and domestic settings, called "snapshots" she also addresses issues of ancestry, assimilation, and immigration.Following the 2020 Presidential Election, President-Elect of the United States Joe Biden received a petition signed by more than 70 poets, who urged him to select Espaillat to read her poetry at Biden's Presidential Inauguration.


== Personal life ==
Of her courtship with Alfred Moskowitz, Espaillat once said, "I met him at the wedding of my best friend, Mimi, and his best friend, Harry. I was still at Hunter College, in my junior year, and we ended up sitting at the same table at the wedding on Thanksgiving Day in 1951. And we started talking, then dancing, and - I know this sounds like madness - he proposed five weeks later on New Year's Eve, and we were married in June of 1952."Following their wedding, Moskowitz deferred to his wife's fame within American poetry by allowing her to continue publishing under her maiden name in literary magazines. In legal paperwork, however, Espaillat would always sign her name as Mrs. Alfred Moskowitz.Moskowitz was an industrial arts teacher and sculptor, who had grown up speaking Romanian Yiddish in the home and had fought as a GI during the 1944 Battle of the Bulge. According to Esaillat's biographers Nancy Kang and Silvio Torres-Saillant, "Moskowitz brought to the household a sense of stark realism as experienced by U.S. military personnel during World War II. This was a time when many young Americans took to the front 
with a profound desire to fight for freedom and justice against regimes that endorsed tyranny and oppression."They remained together until he died in 2016; the couple had three sons.


== Publications ==
Where Horizons Go: Poems (1998)
Rehearsing Absence (2001)
The Shadow I Dress In (2004)
The Story-Teller's Hour (2004)
Playing at Stillness (2005)
Her Place in These Designs (2008)
And After All (2018)
The Field (2019)


== References ==


== Further reading ==
"Rhina P. Espaillat". The Poetry Foundation. Short biography of the poet.
"Rhina Espaillat-Weighing In". Poetry Everywhere. Public Broadcasting System. Short video of an animation that accompanies Espaillat's reading of her poem "Weighing In"; the animation was created by Christopher Dudley Thorpe.
Leslie Monsour: The Colosseum critical introduction to Rhina P. Espaillat, Steubenville, OH : Franciscan University Press, [2021], ISBN 978-1-73398-897-1


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Jeon Kwang-In  (Hangul: 전광인; born (1991-09-18)18 September 1991 in Hadong, Gyeongsangnam-do) is a South Korean male volleyball player. He was part of the South Korea men's national volleyball team at the 2014 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship in Poland. He played for KEPCO Vixtorm.


== Clubs ==
KEPCO Vixtorm (2013-2018)
Cheonan Hyundai Capital Skywalkers (2018-)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Rowing Through is a Canadian-Japanese co-produced drama film, directed by Masato Harada and released in 1996. Based on David Halberstam's book The Amateurs, the film centres on American sculler Tiff Wood as he tries to qualify for the 1984 Summer Olympics.The film stars Colin Ferguson as Wood, Leslie Hope as Kate Bordeleau, Peter Murnik as John Biglow and James Hyndman as Polar Bear Nelson, as well as Helen Shaver, Kenneth Welsh, Christopher Heyerdahl, Kris Holden-Ried and Ellen David.
The film received two Genie Award nominations at the 17th Genie Awards in 1996, for Best Supporting Actor (Hyndman) and Best Cinematography (Sylvain Brault).


== Home media ==
The film was released on DVD on June 19, 2001 by Vanguard Cinema.


== References ==


== External links ==
Rowing Through at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Equilibrium gel is made from a synthetic clay. Unlike other gels, it maintains the same consistency throughout its structure and is stable, which means it does not separate into sections of solid mass and those of more liquid mass. Equilibrium gel filtration liquid chromatography is a technique used for the quantitation of ligand binding.


== Synthesis ==

The gel is created by suspending synthetic clay in water.  The initial fluid transformed into gel after a few months with concentrations of up to 1% clay by weight.  After three years the substance separated into two phases.  One phase was clay-rich while the other was clay-poor.  However, at concentrations above 1% no such phase separation occurred.  Unlike the lower concentrations where the arrangement of clay particles was continually in flux, the particles above 1% concentration locked into a stable structure which is known as equilibrium gel.Clay particles interact in an anisotropic way differing from the typical isotropic way of colloidal particles, which normally interact with all of their nearest neighbors when forming a gel.  The clay particles are disc-shaped giving them an asymmetric charge distribution with a net positive charge on their edges and net negative on their faces.  This doesn't allow them to interact with their neighbors, and they tend to form T-bonds.  This lets clay particles connect in a chain and allows the gel to form at a low density.


== Properties ==
Equilibrium gel is similar to any gel in the way that it is a colloid in which the disperse phase has combined with the dispersion medium to produce a semisolid material. The difference with equilibrium gel is that it will not separate over time into two separate phase like all other gels. In a study taking place over seven years, scientist concluded that colloidal clays at slightly higher concentrations evolved reversibly and continuously from the empty liquid state to an arrested structure. From this observed properties the name equilibrium gel was derived.Equilibrium gel shares the traits of all soft matter. Soft matter is a conceptual term that can be used to categorize polymers, liquid crystals, colloids, amphilphilic molecules, glass, granular and biological materials. One of the main characteristics of Equilibrium gel as with soft matter is that it displays various mesoscopic structures originating from a large number of internal degrees of freedoms of each molecule.


== Applications ==
Scientists are already coming up with potential applications for equilibrium gel.  One such application is batteries containing a gel electrolyte.  Producing a relatively high power for a given weight, the battery could be incorporated into microscope devices if the gel could be made at a low enough density.Equilibrium gel could also be used as coatings to deliver drugs into the body.  Using the gel for coatings instead of other substances would be beneficial. This is due to the fact that the gel would allow the coatings to be lighter, thus reducing the amount of material that enters the body.  The coatings protect against the bodies immune system and dissolve when the drug reaches its target.


== Notes and references ==
<|endoftext|>
Azat Karachurin is a Russian Paralympic biathlete who won gold medal for the 12.5 km standing event despite missing one target on March 11, 2014 at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia. After the event, he received congratulations from the Russian President Vladimir Putin who said that his hard work earned him a  medal. He was also a winner of bronze medal for the 7.5 km biathlon race in the same place.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Günther "Jim" Rakete (German: [dʒɪm ʁakeːtə]; born 1 January 1951 in Berlin, Germany) is a photographer, photojournalist, filmmaker, writer and producer based in Berlin.Rakete shot numerous personalities from the German and international music and film scene and politics. His managerial work behind the award-winning musical acts Nina Hagen Band, Interzone, Nena and Die Ärzte made Rakete a decisive figure in the burgeoning German New Wave.Rakete had extended living and production periods between Los Angeles and Hamburg until his return to Berlin in 2001, where he continues to work in film, photography, writing, theater, music, and production.


== Early life ==
Rakete spent his childhood in West Berlin. At four years old he was given his first camera, an Agfa box camera, similar to a Brownie, which accompanied him for years. Rakete continued photographing throughout his school years; fascinated by the mechanisms of photography, he spent a good part of his youth working in the darkroom. At age seventeen, he began to work as a photojournalist for local dailies, agencies and magazines, while still delivering newspapers to raise the money to buy his first drum kit. His early band efforts lead him towards his personal pathway into the music world.
As the student movement extended to Germany in the late 60s, Rakete brought his eye and camera to document the people, settings and discussions emerging at the time; he was a photojournalist by day and musicians’ photographer by night. By his early twenties he was working for German newspapers while keeping on shooting album band covers. Between 1975 and 1976 Rakete developed several magazines for Bauer Verlag Munich while commuting between Munich and Berlin.


== Fabrik Rakete and Music Management ==
In 1977, Rakete rented a 300 square meter loft in the heart of Berlin's borough of Kreuzberg. Fabrik Rakete, a creative laboratory for music, photography and art, was born. In the two shooting spaces that were built, Rakete's work became crucial for the advancement of the burgeoning German New Wave.
Through a chance encounter Rakete came across the remarkable voice of a sheer powerful 4-octave miracle: Nina Hagen. Rakete took her first pictures in the then barren, newly funded Fabrik Rakete. Shortly thereafter, CBS, with which Hagen had already signed a recording deal, appointed Rakete as band manager for the newly formed Nina Hagen Band to focus on the launch of the eponymous album in 1978. Successful performances in the Quartier Latin and airplay on German Radio promoted their debut record, which eventually peaked at number eleven in Germany, while also gathering substantial success in Austria and the Netherlands. Nina Hagen Band was certified gold in France and it went double platinum in Germany.
As Nina unexpectedly quit the project, the band was orphan of its main member just as the demand for appearances exploded, with the band still under the CBS deal. Eventually, Rakete, Hagen and the band agreed to record their second and last album, Unbehagen (1979). The album went gold in Germany and France, selling over 300.000 copies in Germany alone. Despite Hagen's departure, Rakete consolidated his bond with the band, which eventually went on performing under the name Spliff. The new band (which also included members of rock theater group Lok Kreuzberg) and Rakete embarked on the writing of a small Rock Opera in the form of a radio show, using the AFN legend Rik Delisle as host, Aussie performer Alf Klimek "Klimax" as singer and with the later addition of Dutch singer Josee van Irsel. The Spliff Radio Show premiered live at Kant-Kino on May 2, 1980. Tours ensued, and in 1982 the band released their greatest success, 85555, named after the record's catalogue number. Their following album, Herzlichen Glückwunsch! was released in the later months of the same year.
In the meantime, Spliff and the Fabrik doubled in size the roster of artists: the studios were slowly transforming into a veritable Rock ‘n’ Roll hot shop, with new releases by Interzone and the Edo Zanki Band. The Fabrik studios ran ceaselessly with Rakete developing campaigns, shooting record covers or posters by day, while musicians and producers sent out banners and press material across Berlin and German media at night.
The Fabrik had long moved to Berlin's Oranienplatz when the members of Spliff started producing emerging artists. Their first production was the 1983 international chart success Nena, Gabriele "Nena" Kerner's first album. An instant hit, the Nena Band toured countless European TVs and live stages, while the album's second single 99 Luftballons peaked #1 in music charts worldwide including Australia, Japan, Austria, Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. Rakete says about Nena, "she could get anything across without explaining… That's an ability that is very rare. I do not know anyone of that caliber".Christiane F., writer of the autobiographical account Wir Kinder Vom Banhof Zoo, gave a tape of Nena's song to DJ Rodney Bingenheimer who later aired the single on Californian rock radio WLIR, taking the song to #2 on US Billboard Hot 100.  "Even if in German, people felt what 99 Balloons meant and that was enough… It's like a good picture; it's unforgettable" Rakete later said about the hit single.In 1985 Rakete's management was chosen to produce Band für Afrika, the German counterpart of Band Aid. The resulting single record was written by Herbert Grönemeyer and Wolfgang Niedeken and performed by 27 different German bands and musicians, including Alphaville, BAP, Marius Müller-Westernhagen, Nena, Peter Maffay, Spliff and Udo Lindenberg. Band für Afrika gathered over 150 million Deutschmarks.Meanwhile, Rakete had met the punk band Die Ärzte and put them in touch with CBS. Die Ärzte went on to be one of Germany's most successful bands. This was the final chapter of Fabrik Rakete, which was finally closed off in 1987. Spliff went on producing music through a new venture. Rakete left the producing desk to fully focus on writing and photography full-time except in 1988-89, when he funded label ACT Music along with former president of Warner Bros. Europe Siegfried Loch and Ideal's lead singer Annette Humpe. The label, which specializes in European Jazz, is active today.


== Photography ==
(Jim Rakete is) a photographer who over a period of thirty years has photographed other people with a unique kind of love, and who allows them to reveal themselves to him without holding anything back. You can’t hold anything back when faced with someone who doesn’t judge. You can feel his openness in these photos…. His book is a diary of feelings and relationships with people he has met. You can feel that he gives something to, rather than takes something away from those he photographs.

Soon after the Fabrik's closure, Rakete began to almost exclusively shoot commercials and fashion spreads. In 1989, Rakete flew to Los Angeles to shoot a record video and album cover for Tangerine Dream's Melrose. A year later, Rakete eventually rented a house in Hollywood, splitting his working year between the West Coast, Hamburg and Berlin, shooting video-clips, commercials, documentaries and fashion folders. During this period he befriended and photographed international artists, writers, film stars and directors.
With his first 1997 exhibit in Hamburg's Galerie Barlach, Rakete's work begins to regularly appear in international galleries.
In 2001 Rakete moves back to Berlin establishing his new working Studio in Kreuzberg. Between 2003 and 2004 he served as advisor for visual design of German political magazine Cicero. Similar to The New Yorker, Cicero allowed Rakete to combine his passion for people and politics, contributing with centerfold photo essays. Rakete's first reportage for Cicero was of former German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder's trip to the White House to express his stance against the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The photographs were all black & white and primarily shot on a large plate Lintof camera. Rakete shot for Cicero for five more editions; personalities included Angela Merkel, Willy Brandt, Helmut Schmidt, Mikhail Gorbachev, Frank-Walter Steinmeier and Otto Schily.In 2005, Rakete collaborated with designer Ulf Meyer zu Küindorf and curator Mark Gisbourne on the catalogue Berlin Art Now, published by Thames and Hudson. The English publication includes artists as John Bock, Tacita Dean, Jonathan Meese, Monica Bonvicini, Bernhard Martin and Yehudit Sasportas.
In 2006, as chief consultant Rakete develops the art magazine Modernica, a supplement of German newspaper Die Welt dealing with contemporary art with its main focus on photography, design and architecture.In 2010, Rakete documented conductor Sir Simon Rattle and the Berliner Philharmoniker.Rakete is currently continuing his activity as photographer, producer and writer. Over the years, his work has captured social and political events, and he has most notably portrayed personalities such as: Jimi Hendrix, Ray Charles, David Bowie, Bruce Springsteen, Mick Jagger, David Byrne, Kraftwerk, Bono, Deep Purple, Joe Jackson, Sean Connery, Samuel Beckett, Bruno Ganz, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Ute Lemper, Martin Sheen, Claude Chabrol, Linda Evangelista, Naomi Campbell, Isabelle Huppert, John Malkovitch, John Lurie, Philip Johnson, Anthony Perkins, Sam Shepard, Willem Dafoe, Isabelle Huppert, Julie Delpy, Klaus-Maria Brandauer, Götz George, Sebastian Koch, Gérard Depardieu, Christoph Waltz, Emmanuelle Béart, Liza Minnelli, Sean Penn, Isabella Rossellini, Nina Hoss, Otto Sander, Natalie Portman, Tangerine Dream, Quentin Tarantino and Wim Wenders


== Selected Exhibitions ==
2016: Burgtheater | Innenleben, Galerie Einstein Unter den Linden, Berlin
2015: Burgtheater Innenleben, Leica Galerie, Wien, Austria Burgtheater | Innenleben, Leica Galerie Salzburg auf Schloss Arenberg, Salzburg, Austria FACE & FUTURE Gelecek ve Yüzleşme, STIFTUNG MERCATOR, Essen
2014: IKONEN - Ein Charityprojekt von Jim Rakete und Kilian Kerner, Schneider Kreuznach, Bad Kreuznach 'Stand der Dinge - 100 Portraits für das Deutsche Filmmuseum, FO.KU.S, Innsburck, Austria FACE & FUTURE Gelecek ve Yüzleşme, ProjektZentrum Berlin der Stiftung Mercator, Berlin
2013: VERTIGO, MÜNZING CLAASSEN Galerie, Berlin IKONEN - Ein Charityprojekt von Jim Rakete und Kilian Kerner, MÜNZING CLAASSEN Galerie, Berlin
2012: STAND DER DINGE - 100 Porträts für das Deutsche Filmmuseum, Willy Brandt Haus, Berlin Rockpoeten, MÜNZING CLAASSEN Galerie, Berlin Wir & Ich (für Karuna e.V.), Museum Bensheim, Bensheim Porträtfotos der Berliner Philharmoniker, Amthof-Galerie, Bad Camberg Jim Rakete - Werkschau, Kunst- und Kulturzentrum der Städteregion Aachen, Monschau
2011: STAND DER DINGE - 100 Porträts für das Filmmuseum Frankfurt, Filmmuseum Frankfurt, Frankfurt
2010: Straßenkinder für Karuna e.V., Leica Galerie, Solms Blicke gen Norden, Patton Stiftung, Saarbrücken
2009: 1/8 sec. - Vertraute Fremde, Ludwig Galerie Schloß Oberhausen, Oberhausen
2008: Augen/Blick/Porträts, Filmmuseum, Frankfurt 1/8 sec. - Vertraute Fremde, Camera Work, Berlin
2006: Update, M.J. Wewerka, Galerie, Berlin Streetfootball, Künstlerhaus Bethanien, Berlin
2002: Bleib So, Haus der Stiftung Demokratie, Saarland
1999: Jim Rakete - Photographien, Suermondt-Ludwig-Museum, Aachen
1997: Jim Rakete - Photographien, Galerie Barlach, Hamburg


== References ==

Jim Rakete (2015) Burgtheater. Innenleben (Burgtheatre Vienna. Inner Life), ISBN 9783000486944
Jim Rakete (2010) Die Berliner Philharmoniker Stiftung Berliner Philharmoniker, ISBN 3000324089
Jim Rakete (2011) Stand der Dinge: 100 Porträts für das Deutsche Filmmuseum. Schirmer/Mosel, München, ISBN 978-3-8296-0533-5
Jim Rakete (2008) - 1/8 sec. Vertraute Fremde: Familiar Strangers, Schirmer/Mosel 2008, ISBN 3829602960
Ulf Meyer zu Küingdorf, Jim Rakete, Mark Gisbourne (2006) Kunststation Berlin, Knesebeck, ISBN 3896603647
Marc Gisbourne (2006) Berlin Art Now, Abrams, ISBN 9780810992863
Jim Rakete and Jeannot Simmen (2006) Totalschaden, B&S Siebenhaar, ISBN 3379008389
Moon Suk (2006) Mond und Sterne: 22 poetische Porträts, Wunderlich, ISBN 3805208103
Klaus Hoffman and Jim Rakete (2002) Klaus Hoffmann Sänger: Sämtliche Lieder, Ullstein, ISBN 3898340511
Nina Hagen and Marcel Feige (2002) Nina Hagen. That's why the lady is a punk, Schwarzkopf + Schwarzkopf, ISBN 3896024132
Jim Rakete (2000) Workbook - Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, Heidelberg 2000 (People in the Graphic Arts Industry), ASIN: B00A37VNO2
Jim Rakete, Rolf Hosfeld, Rainer Wörtmann (1999) Friedrichstadtpalast Berlin, Metz Europas größtes Revue-Theater. Metz, Hamburg, ISBN 3-9805563-3-6
Jim Rakete, Peter Lindbergh (1997) Photographien 1970 - 1997, Schirmer/Mosel, ISBN 3-88814-886-3
Rene Lezard (Hrsg.) (1986) Jim Rakete. The Complete Key West Session. Lezard, Schwarzach 1986 ASIN: B002BZ9JAO


== External links ==
Jim Rakete on Discogs
Jim Rakete interviewed on slanted.de  (in German)
Jim Rakete interviewed on comeunited.com  (in German)
Spliff feat. Jim Rakete: promo for the live recording of "The Spliff Radio Show"  at the "Berliner Rocknacht" on August 15, 1981
A video portrait of Nena by Jim Rakete , 1983
Nena on Jim Rakete , 1987
Peter Lindbergh / Jim Rakete / Wim Wenders in conversation  at Museum Kunstpalast in Düsseldorf in June 2015 (in German)
Vienna Leica Gallery: Jim Rakete's portraits of the Burgtheater's ensemble , 2015
<|endoftext|>
Hankido is a new martial art style developed by Myung Jae-nam using circular flowing movements owing to Myung Jae-nam's background in traditional Korean dance.  


== Etymology ==
The name hankido is a mix of the name Hanguk (the Korean name for South Korea) and hapkido. The resulting word hankido is often written with the han in Old Korean, where the letter "a" (ㅏ) is written as arae-a, which looks like a dot. Hankido aims to be a Korean martial art for and from the Korean people, accessible to everyone. The precise origin of hapkido, from which hankido is derived, is one of many Japan–Korea disputes, as there is a strong connection to the Japanese martial art aikido. "Aikido" is always written in kanji, which is similar to hanja.
The word hankido actually consists of three different hanja:

Han (한 / 韓): Korea, Korean culture and mentality (see Names of Korea).
Ki (기 / 氣): Ki
Do (도 / 道): The waySo you could say that hankido means: The way for Korean people to develop their internal energy/strength.


== History ==
Hankido is a relatively new hapkido style, developed by Myung Jae Nam. Myung Jae Nam studied traditional hapkido which formed the basis of this new art. Myung Jae Nam started the development of what we now know as hankido in the 1980s.
This new hapkido style can be recognized by its elegant, circular movements which the hankido practitioner uses to get in control of his or her opponent. Of course this is partly because hankido has its roots partly in hapkido, but also because Myung Jae Nam, who was a talented dancer, mixed the techniques with traditional Korean dance. This part of hankido is called: Moo Yae Do Bub (무예도법).
Hankido was first officially introduced during the 1st International H.K.D Games in Seoul, South Korea. The development of hankido did not stop there, and in the years after its introduction hankido lost some of its rough edges. In 1993 the IHF trademarked the name hankido in both hangul and hanja writing  in South Korea for the first time.
Myung Jae Nam toured Europe and the United States to promote his new art until his death in 1999. During the 3rd edition of these games, Myung Jae Nam introduced another art, called hankumdo.


== Hankido and hapkido ==
The difference between hapkido and hankido is that hankido is much more an internal art where hapkido is a semi-internal art. Hankido emphasizes the use of three principles, which are Won (圓), Yu (流), and Hwa (和), and using the power of softness.
To give the hankido practitioner more insight into these principles, there are three exercises they can practice, the Sam Dae Wolly (삼대원리). The name of the exercise representing the circle-principle is called Jeon Hwan Bub (전환법). The name for the exercise of the flow-principle is called Young Nyu Bub (역류법) and the last exercise, representing the heart-principle, is called Shim Hwa Bub (심화법). This last one is also referred to as the rowing exercise.


== Techniques ==
Another unique aspect of hankido is that it consists of twelve basic self-defense techniques (ho shin ki, 호신기) which are connected to 24 breathing techniques: twelve for the defender called 'Techniques of the Sky' (Chun Ki Bub, 천기법, 天氣法) and twelve techniques for the attacker called 'Techniques of the Earth' (Ji Ki Bub, 지기법, 地氣法).
Heaven and Earth are each other's opposites and thus resemble the Korean Um (Yin in Chinese) and Yang.
There is more to hankido than just these twelve circle techniques, but these form the stable basis for every hankido practitioner.


== Curriculum ==
There are 8 disciplines (directions) in which the I.H.F teaches the hankido curriculum.

Ho Shin Do Bup (Self defense)
Moo Ye Do Bup (Spinning/dancing techniques)
Su Jok Do Bup (Striking techniques)
Kyuk Ki Do Bup (Sparring techniques)
Ki Hap Do Bup (Ki-development techniques)
Byung Sool Do Bup (Weaponry)
Su Chim Do Bup (Use of pressure points)
Hwan Sang Do Bup (Visualisation and breathing exercises)The twelve basic self-defense techniques on which the hankido curriculum is built are:

Kwan Jul Ki Bub - 관절기법
Chi Ki Bub - 치기법
Sib Ja Ki Bub - 십자기법 / 十자기법
Nae Wae Ki Bub - 내외기법 / 內外기법
Kyeo Rang Ki Bub - 겨랑기법
Mok Kama Bub - 목감아법
Mok Keokki Bub - 목꺾기법
Oh Kae Too Bub - 어깨투법
Joong Pal Too Bub - 중팔투법
Hwae Jeon Too Bub - 회전투법
Pal Mok Ki Bub - 팔목기법
Pal Bae Ki Bub - 팔배기법


== Development ==
After Myung Jae Nam's death the development of hankido has been overseen by the Jaenam Musul Won Foundation.
There are several international and Korean initiatives to spread the art of hankido. Most well known for his effort to do this is Master Ko Baek Yong from the Sang Moo Kwan International Training Center.


== See also ==
International H.K.D Federation
Korean martial arts


== External links ==
International H.K.D. Federation Headquarters (Korean)
Ji Yong Kwan (U.S.A.)
World Hankimuye Federation
Hankido Chile, Moon Mu Kwan (Spanish)
H.K.D. in Belgium (Dutch)
HKD Federation Germany (German)
<|endoftext|>
Treetops Hotel is a hotel in Aberdare National Park in Kenya near the township of Nyeri, 1,966 m (6,450 ft) above sea level on the Aberdare Range and in sight of Mount Kenya. First opened in 1932 by Eric Sherbrooke Walker, it was built into the tops of the trees of Aberdare National Park as a treehouse, offering the guests a close view of the local wildlife. The idea was to provide a machan (hunting platform on a tree during shikar in India) experience in relative safety and comfort. From the original modest two-room tree house, it has grown into a 35-room hotel. The original structure was burned down by The Kenya Land and Freedom Army (KLFA) during the 1954 Mau Mau Uprising, but the hotel was rebuilt near the same waterhole and has become fashionable for many of the rich and famous. It includes observation lounges and ground-level photographic hides from which guests can observe the local wildlife which comes to the nearby waterholes.
The hotel is the location where Princess Elizabeth was staying in 1952 when she acceded to the thrones of the United Kingdom, and the other Commonwealth realms, upon the death of her father, King George VI.


== Beginnings ==

The initial idea of Major Eric Sherbrooke Walker, who owned land in the Aberdare Range, was to build a treehouse for his wife Lady Bettie. The idea grew, and in 1932 the couple oversaw the construction of a two-room treehouse in a huge 300-year-old fig tree as an adjunct facility to the Outspan Hotel in Nyeri, which they also built and owned. Initial construction was hampered by the presence of wild animals, as the treehouse was purposely built beside animal trails leading to a nearby waterhole. Labourers and supervisors were often chased away by wild animals, which led to increased labour costs.While originally two rooms, and open only on Wednesday nights to overnight guests as a night-viewing platform, rising demand forced the Walkers to accommodate more visitors. The visit of Princess Elizabeth and her husband Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh in 1952 included a visit to Treetops as personal guests of the Walkers. The Treetops was reinforced, and its capacity increased to four rooms, including one for a resident hunter.


== Accession of Queen Elizabeth II ==

Treetops became famous around the world when Princess Elizabeth, as she then was, stayed there at the time of the death of her father, King George VI. This occurred on the night of 5–6 February 1952. She learned of the king's death, however, after having departed, while the couple were at Sagana Lodge. She was the first British monarch since King George I to be outside the country at the moment of succession, and also the first in modern times not to know the exact time of her accession because her father had died in his sleep at an unknown time. On the night her father died, before the event was known, Sir Horace Hearne, then Chief Justice of Kenya, had escorted the princess and her husband, Prince Philip, to a state dinner at the Treetops Hotel. After word of George VI's death reached the new Queen the following day, she returned immediately to Britain.The famous hunter Jim Corbett, who was invited by the princess to accompany them during their stay there, wrote in the visitors' log book:

For the first time in the history of the world, a young girl climbed into a tree one day a Princess and after having what she described as her most thrilling experience she climbed down from the tree next day a Queen – God bless her.


== Political unrest ==
The Mau Mau Uprising, which began as a protest in 1951 and 1952 of British control in the Kikuyu homeland quickly became a violent uprising. It was suppressed by the British over the period 1953–1954. In 1953, the Aberdare forest provided refuge to many hundreds of Mau Mau rebels, led by Dedan Kimathi. In June 1953, the entire region was declared off-limits for Africans, and orders to shoot Africans on sight were set in place. A major military operation in late 1953 ("Operation Blitz") left 125 guerillas dead. This was followed in January 1954 by "Operation Hammer", led by the King's African Rifles, which however failed to encounter many guerillas as most had already left the area. As a protest against the shoot-on-sight orders, and repeated military action, Mau Mau rebels burnt down the Treetops Hotel (which acted as a lookout for the King's African Rifles) on 27 May 1954 in a contentious military action or act of terror. The incident took place as the uprising was slowly being brought to an end by British military action.


== Present day ==

The Treetops was rebuilt in 1957 on a nearby chestnut tree overlooking the same waterhole and salt lick near the elephant migration pathway to Mount Kenya, and grew to 35 rooms, with the hotel being built on additional stilt supports. Rising out of the ground on stilts, it has four decks and a rooftop viewing platform.
The rise in popularity of the Treetops is partially due to Elizabeth II's visit and accession in 1952, but also partially due to their no see, no pay policy during their early years – a common business policy on safaris, where guests were not charged for services if they failed to see any big game.Visitors can observe the wildlife from the top deck, the viewing windows in the communal space, or from ground level hides. They can also take motor tours from the Treetops. The Treetops remains an overnight destination, with only overnight luggage being allowed, and visitors being driven in from the Outspan Hotel for the night. Other facilities include a thousand watt artificial moon used to illuminate animals at the waterhole during darkness. Another unusual restriction at the Treetops is a low decibel level restriction due to the hearing sensitivity of many animals, including a ban on all hard-soled footwear.Currently, the Treetops is run by the Aberdare Safari Hotels which acquired the two properties, Outspan Hotel and Treetops in 1978. Following the success of Treetops, another treetop lodge – the Shimba, was opened by the Aberdare Safari Hotels group in the Shimba Hills National Reserve.
Aberdare Safari Hotels have embarked on an initiative dubbed "Return the Bush" in conjunction with the Kenya Wildlife Service. The initiative involves the rehabilitation of 125 ha of Aberdare National park that has been degraded by the toll the fenced-in elephant population has exerted on the ecosystem. The electric fencing for the paddock covering an area of 16.5 ha around the lodge was completed. The paddocking enables reforestation as well as the natural regeneration of the local flora within the paddock.


== Notable visitors ==
Lord Baden-Powell, founder of the Boy Scouts movement, was a resident of Nyeri and a frequent visitor to Treetops. In 1938, he commissioned a cottage on the grounds of The Outspan Hotel, which he named Paxtu. The final resting place of Lord and Lady Baden-Powell is located nearby. Jim Corbett, hunter, conservationist, and author, who accompanied Elizabeth II during her stay at treetops on 6 February 1952, lived in the same house as Baden-Powell, and is buried nearby, next to Lord Baden-Powell and his wife Olave, Lady Baden-Powell.
The visit of Princess Elizabeth cemented the fame of The Treetops. The visit of Princess Elizabeth was immortalised in Jim Corbett's (who was a resident "hunter" at Treetops) final book Tree Tops, which was published by the Oxford University Press in October 1955, 6 months after Corbett's death (19 April 1955). Archival footage of the royal visit has also survived. Following the media hype over the accession of Elizabeth II, the Treetops attracted a large number of rich and famous people. Famous personalities who have visited the Treetops include Charlie Chaplin, Joan Crawford and Lord Mountbatten, and a return visit by Elizabeth II in 1983. Due to the quick change in profile of the rustic tree lodge, National Geographic ran an article A New Look at Kenya's "Treetops" in October 1956.
Author Willard Price visited while researching his novel Safari Adventure.Paul McCartney and Beatles roadie Mal Evans stayed at the hotel while on safari in 1966. Returning from the safari trip, McCartney stated that he came up with the concept of "Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band" on the flight from Nairobi to London.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Viking was series of twelve sounding rockets designed and built by the Glenn L. Martin Company (now Lockheed-Martin) under the direction of the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory (NRL). Designed to supersede the German V-2, the Viking was the most advanced large, liquid-fueled rocket being developed in the U.S., returning valuable scientific data from the edge of space between 1949-1955.


== Origins ==
After World War II, the United States experimented with captured German V-2 rockets as part of the Hermes program. Based on these experiments the U.S. issued a contract 21 August 1946 to the Glenn L. Martin Company for a series of ten large liquid-fueled rockets. The intent was to provide an independent U.S. capability in rocketry, to continue the Hermes program after the V-2s were expended, and to provide a vehicle better suited to scientific research. Originally dubbed "Neptune," it was renamed "Viking" in 1947 to avoid confusion with the Lockheed P-2 Neptune Twelve Viking rockets flew from 1949 to 1955.The Viking was the most advanced large, liquid-fueled rocket being developed in the U.S. at the time.


== Design ==

The Viking was roughly half the size, in terms of mass and power, of the V-2. Both were actively guided rockets, fueled with the same propellant (Ethyl alcohol and liquid oxygen), which were fed to a single large pump-fed engine by two turbine-driven pumps. The Reaction Motors XLR10-RM-2  engine was the largest liquid-fueled rocket engine developed in the United States up to that time, producing 92.5 kN (20,800 lbf) (sea level) and 110.5 kN (24,800 lbf) (vacuum) of thrust. Isp was 179.6 s (1.761 km/s) and 214.5 s (2.104 km/s) respectively, with a mission time of 103 seconds. As was also the case for the V-2, hydrogen peroxide was converted to steam to drive the turbopump that fed fuel and oxidizer into the engine. As its V-2 counterpart, it also was regeneratively cooled.Viking pioneered important innovations over the V-2. One of the most significant for rocketry was the use of a gimbaled thrust chamber which could be swiveled from side to side on two axes for pitch and yaw control, dispensing with the inefficient and somewhat fragile graphite vanes in the engine exhaust used by the V-2. The rotation of the engine on the gimbals was controlled by gyroscopic inertial reference; this type of guidance system was invented by Robert H. Goddard, who had partial success with it before World War II intervened. Roll control was by use of the turbopump exhaust to power reaction control system (RCS) jets on the fins. Compressed gas jets stabilized the vehicle after the main power cutoff. Similar devices are now extensively used in large, steerable rockets and in space vehicles. Another improvement was that initially the alcohol tank, and later the LOX tank also, were built integral with the outer skin, saving weight. The structure was also largely aluminum, as opposed to steel used in the V-2, thus shedding more weight.Vikings 1 through 7 were slightly longer (about 15 m (49 ft)) than the V-2, but with a straight cylindrical body only 81 centimetres (32 in) in diameter, making the rocket quite slender. They had fairly large fins similar to those on the V-2. Vikings 8 through 14 were built with an enlarged airframe of improved design. The diameter was increased to 114 centimetres (45 in), while the length was reduced to 13 m (43 ft), altering the missile's "pencil shape". The fins were made much smaller and triangular. The added diameter meant more fuel and more weight, but the "mass ratio", of fueled to empty mass, was improved to about 5:1, a record for the time.


== Flight history ==


=== First model ===

On 3 May 1949, after two static firings (11 March and 25 April), the first Viking rocket took off from White Sands White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico. Its engine fired for 55 seconds, ten seconds short of the hoped-for maximum of 65, but the rocket flew on course and reached an altitude of 51 mi (82 km) -- deemed a good start to the program. Viking 2, launched four months later, also suffered from premature engine cutoff and only made it to 33 mi (53 km). Both had suffered from leaks in their turbines, the intense heat of the steam breaking the seal of the turbine casing. The solution was to weld the casing shut, there being no reason to access the turbine wheel again after a flight.The fix worked, and Viking 3, launched 9 February 1950 and incorporating an integrated (rather than discrete) oxygen tank, reached 50 mi (80 km) and could have gone higher. However, after 34 seconds of accurately guided flight, the rocket veered westward and threatened to leave the launch range. Range safety triggered charges in the rocket to separate the nose from the engine, and both tumbled to the ground, where they were recovered for analysis.With successful tests of the engine and guidance systems conducted (though not on the same missions), Viking was deemed read for its most ambitious test: shipboard launch from the deck of the USS Norton Sound. on 10 May, 1950, from a site in the Pacific Ocean between Jarvis Island and Christmas Island, the fourth Viking became the first sounding rocket ever launched from a sea-going vessel. The flight was perfect, reaching 106.4 mi (171.2 km), more than double that reached by Vikings 1 and 3.Viking 5, launched 21 November 1950 carried a vast array of photomultiplier tubes, ionization chambers and Geiger counters, for the detection radiation across a wide variety of energies and types. The rocket also carried two movie cameras to take high altitude film of the Earth all the way to its peak height of 108 miles (174 km) as well as Pirani gauges to measure air densities in the upper atmosphere. Viking 6, launched 11 December, carried a much lighter payload, but its experiments included a battery of custom built pressure gauges. The rocket underperformed, however, only reaching a maximum altitude of 40 miles (64 km).The first generation of Vikings reached its acme of performance with the flight of Viking 7, the sole Viking launch of 1951. Launched 7 August from White Sands, the rocket set a new world altitude record of 136 miles (219 km).


=== Second model ===

In the late spring of 1952, the Naval Research Laboratory team under the management of Milton Rosen prepared to launch the first second-generation Viking, Viking 8, from White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico. The new Viking design was nearly half-again as wide as its precursor, affording the highest fuel-to-weight ratio of any rocket yet developed. The tail fins no longer supported the weight of the rocket, has had previously been the case. Now, the Viking rocket rested on the base of its fuselage. This allowed the tail fins to be made much lighter, one of many ways the Viking was redesigned to carry a heavier tank without weighing more than the first Viking design.
On 6 June 1952, Viking 8 broke loose of its moorings during a static firing test. After it was allowed to fly for 55 seconds in the hope that it would clear the immediate area and thus pose no danger to ground crew, Nat Wagner, head of the "Cutoff group" delivered a command to the rocket to cease its thrust. 65 seconds later, the rocket crashed 4 miles (6.4 km) or 5 miles (8.0 km) downrange to the southeast.With lessons learned from the Viking 8 failure, the successful 9 December static firing of Viking 9 was followed on 15 December by a successful launch from White Sands. The rocket reached an altitude of 135 miles (217 km), roughly the same as that of the first-generation Viking 7, launched in 1950. In addition to cameras that photographed the Earth during flight, Viking 9 carried a full suite of cosmic ray, ultraviolet, and X-ray detectors, including sixteen plates of emulsion gel for tracking the path of individual high energy particles. The experiment package was recovered intact after it had secured measurements high in the Earth's upper atmosphere.


=== Viking 10 ===
On 25 May 1953, Viking 10, originally planned to be the last of the Vikings, arrived at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico. A successful static firing on 18 June cleared the way for a 30 June launch date, a schedule that had been made months prior, before the rocket had even left the Glenn L. Martin Company plant where it had been built. At the moment of liftoff, the tail of Viking 10 exploded, setting the rocket afire. Water was immediately flooded into the rocket's base in an attempt to extinguish the fire, but flames continued to burn in the East Quadrant of the firing platform. Half an hour after launch, two of the launch team under manager Milton Rosen were dispatched to put out the fire to salvage what remained of the rocket. 
Their efforts were successful but then were threatened by a slow leak in the propellant tank. The vacuum created by the departing fuel was causing the tank to dimple with the danger of implosion that would cause the rocket to collapse. Lieutenant Joseph Pitts, a member of the launch team, shot a rifle round into the tank, equalizing the pressure and saving the rocket. Three hours after the attempted launch, the last of the alcohol propellant had been drained from Viking 10. The launch team was able to salvage the instrument package of cameras, including X-ray detectors, cosmic ray emulsions, and a radio-frequency mass-spectrometer, valued at tens of thousands of dollars, although there was concern that the rocket was irreparable.
A thorough investigation of the explosion began in July, but a conclusive cause could not be determined. In a reported presented in September, Milton Rosen noted that a similar occurrence had not happened in more than 100 prior tests of the Viking motor. It was decided to rebuild Viking 10, and a program for closer monitoring of potential fail points was implemented for the next launch, scheduled for 1954. Ten months of salvage, testing, and troubleshooting followed the failed launch.
On 30 June, 1953, the rebuilt rocket was once again ready for launch. A successful static firing took place at the end of April 1954, and launch was scheduled for 4 May. Control issues revealed in the static firing as well as gusty, sand-laden winds caused a delay of three days. At 10:00 AM local time, Viking 10 blasted off from its pad at the White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico, reaching an altitude of 136 mi (219 km) -- a tie with the highest altitude ever reached by a first-generation Viking (Viking 7 on 7 August 1951). Data was received from the rocket for all stages of the flight, and its scientific package, including an emulsion experiment, returned the first measurement of positive ion composition at high altitudes.


=== Final flights ===

Viking 11, which was ready for erection on 5 May, also had a successful static test and was ready for launch, 24 May 1954. Again, the countdown went without hold, and Viking 11, the heaviest rocket yet in the series, was launched at 10:00 AM. Forty seconds into the flight, several puffs of smoke issued from the vehicle, but these accidental excitations of the rocket's roll jets did no harm. Viking 11 ultimately reached 158 mi (254 km) in altitude, a record for the series, snapping the highest altitude photographs of the Earth to date. Viking 11 carried a successful emulsions experiment, measuring cosmic rays at high altitudes.The final Viking flight was that of Viking 12, launched 4 February 1955. Reaching an altitude of 143.5 mi (230.9 km), the rocket's K-25 camera snapped an infrared picture of the Southwestern United States, from the Pacific coast to Phoenix, just after reaching its apogee.


== Legacy and status ==
The Viking series returned a bonanza of scientific information measuring temperature, pressure, density, composition and winds in the upper atmosphere and electron density in the ionosphere, and recording the ultraviolet spectra of the Sun, The success of the program, at a cost of under $6 million, suggested that, with a more powerful engine and the addition of upper stages, the Viking rocket could be made a vehicle capable of launching an Earth satellite. The Viking was thus incorporated as the first stage of NRL's three-stage Project Vanguard vehicle which launched the second U.S. satellite. Two later rockets in the Viking series, Vanguard TV-0 (renamed from Viking 13) and Vanguard TV-1, substantially similar to Vikings 8 through 12, were used as suborbital test vehicles during Project Vanguard, before the first Vanguard vehicle, Vanguard TV-2, became available for test in the fall of 1957.

The National Air and Space Museum contains a full-size cutaway reconstruction of Viking 12, built from original blueprints and reconstructed from parts recovered from the original rocket. The vehicle was donated by the Martin Marietta Corp in 1976 to the Smithsonian.


== Table of flights ==
All except Viking 4 were flown from White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico.


== See also ==

Vanguard rocket


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Swarming motility is a rapid (2–10 μm/s) and coordinated translocation of a bacterial population across solid or semi-solid surfaces, and is an example of bacterial multicellularity and swarm behaviour. Swarming motility was first reported by Jorgen Henrichsen and has been mostly studied in genus Serratia, Salmonella, Aeromonas, Bacillus, Yersinia, Pseudomonas, Proteus, Vibrio and Escherichia.

This multicellular behavior has been mostly observed in controlled laboratory conditions and relies on two critical elements: 1) the nutrient composition and 2) viscosity of culture medium (i.e. % agar). One particular feature of this type of motility is the formation of dendritic fractal-like patterns formed by migrating swarms moving away from an initial location. Although the majority of species can produce tendrils when swarming, some species like Proteus mirabilis do form concentric circles motif instead of dendritic patterns.


== Biosurfactant, quorum sensing and swarming ==
In some species, swarming motility requires the self-production of biosurfactant to occur. Biosurfactant synthesis is usually under the control of an intercellular communication system called quorum sensing. Biosurfactant molecules are thought to act by lowering surface tension, thus permitting bacteria to move across a surface.


== Cellular differentiation ==
Swarming bacteria undergo morphological differentiation that distinguish them from their planktonic state. Cells localized at migration front are typically hyperelongated, hyperflagellated and grouped in multicellular raft structures.


== Ecological significance ==
The fundamental role of swarming motility remains unknown. However, it has been observed that active swarming bacteria of Salmonella typhimurium shows an elevated resistance to certain antibiotics compared to undifferentiated cells.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Atom Bank is a retail bank in the United Kingdom. It is the United Kingdom's first bank built for smartphone or tablet, without any branches, and the first digital-only challenger bank to be granted a full UK regulatory licence. The company is based in Durham, North East England.Atom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the PRA.


== History ==
Atom was founded in July 2013 by Anthony Thomson, co-founder of Metro Bank  and Mark Mullen, previous CEO at First Direct.In June 2015, Atom was granted a banking licence and before launch in November 2015, Spanish bank BBVA agreed to invest a substantial stake in Atom. The company launched to the public in April 2016, after its regulatory authorisation restrictions were lifted, initially to those who had expressed an interest previously and had been given a registration code. It launched more widely in October 2016 and today it offers mortgages and savings accounts, along with secured loans for small businesses.In 2017, Atom was named by LinkedIn as one of UK's top 25 startups and ranked 14th alongside companies such as Deliveroo, Uber and Airbnb, and in 2019, Atom ranked second in business analyst Beauhurst's list of 50 top fintech UK startups and scale-ups. It was the only company from outside London in the top 20 of the list.


== Mobile app ==
Atom has apps for iOS and Android phones, offering biometric security, with customers able to sign in via face ID or voice ID.


== References ==


== External links ==

Official website
<|endoftext|>
This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter A.


== Number of years/terms representative/delegate has served ==
The number of years the representative/delegate has served in Congress indicates the number of terms the representative/delegate has.
Note the representative/delegate can also serve non-consecutive terms if the representative/delegate loses election and wins re-election to the House.

2 years - 1 or 2 terms
4 years - 2 or 3 terms
6 years - 3 or 4 terms
8 years - 4 or 5 terms
10 years - 5 or 6 terms
12 years - 6 or 7 terms
14 years - 7 or 8 terms
16 years - 8 or 9 terms
18 years - 9 or 10 terms
20 years - 10 or 11 terms
22 years - 11 or 12 terms
24 years - 12 or 13 terms
26 years - 13 or 14 terms
28 years - 14 or 15 terms
30 years - 15 or 16 terms
32 years - 16 or 17 terms
34 years - 17 or 18 terms
36 years - 18 or 19 terms
38 years - 19 or 20 terms
40 years - 20 or 21 terms
42 years - 21 or 22 terms
44 years - 22 or 23 terms
46 years - 23 or 24 terms
48 years - 24 or 25 terms
50 years - 25 or 26 terms
52 years - 26 or 27 terms
54 years - 27 or 28 terms
56 years - 28 or 29 terms
58 years - 29 or 30 terms


== External links ==
Congressional Biographical Directory
<|endoftext|>
Damodaran may refer to:

Aswath Damodaran, Professor of Finance at the Stern School of Business at New York University
Damodaran M. Vasudevan, Dean of the College of Medicine at Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham
K. Damodaran (1912–1976), Marxist and founder leader of the Communist Party in Kerala, India
Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri, lyricist, music director, actor, singer, screenwriter, performer of Carnatic music
M. Damodaran, thought leader, business executive and former government official
N. K. Damodaran (1909–1996), writer and translator of Kerala, India
Nettur P. Damodaran (1913–1978), member of the 1st Lok Sabha (1952) from the constituency of Tellicherry
S. Damodaran, Indian politician, Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu
T. Damodaran (born 1935), screenwriter of Malayalam cinema


== See also ==
Damodar
Damodara
Damodarkati
Demodara
<|endoftext|>
Makoto Kikuchi (born 1911) was a Japanese field hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1936 Summer Olympics.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Trechus nebulosus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Trechinae. It was described by Barr in 1962.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Charros de Jalisco (English: Jalisco Horsemen) are a professional baseball team in the Mexican Pacific League based in Guadalajara, Mexico. 
Their initial season was 2014–15. The franchise was originally the Algodoneros de Guasave before it was purchased in April, 2014 by a group of investors led by Armando Navarro, and moved to Jalisco.


== History ==
Professional baseball in Guadalajara originated with the Pozoleros de Jalisco, which competed in the now-defunct Central League from 1946 to 1949. From 1952 to 1955, the club competed as the Medias Azules (Blue Socks) in the Liga de la Costa del Pacífico (Pacific Coast League). The team became the Charros in 1949, and competed in both the early Mexican League and the Mexican Pacific League in three stages: 1949 to 1952, 1946 to 1976 and  1991 to 1995.The second incarnation of the Charros was from 1964 and 1975. This team won Mexican League championships in 1967 and 1971. They played at the Estadio Tecnologico de Béisbol of the University of Guadalajara, which had a capacity of 4,000 spectators.


=== Origin of the name ===
The team made a road trip to Chihuahua in its early history. During a stop in a small town, the players bought cowboy hats for protection from the bright sunlight. They were wearing these hats when they arrived at the destination, and were referred to as "charros".


=== First ballpark ===
The first home field for the Pozoleros/Charros was the Estadio Municipal in the Analco area, near the Agua Azul park. They played there 1949–52. This ballpark was demolished and replaced by a bus station, which is now a Federal office building.


=== Mexican League participation ===
The Charros competed in the Mexican League for twenty-one seasons, and won two championships.
The first title was in 1967; they defeated the Broncos de Reynosa in the final.
The second title was in 1971, under Manager Benjamín "Cananea" Reyes. They came back from a 0–3 deficit to defeat the Saraperos de Saltillo. Current owner Armando Navarro was Vice-President of the club at the time, and he worked closely with Guillermo Cosío Gaona in the club's management.
During the late stages of the franchise in the late 1980s and 1990s, they did some aggressive hiring, including former Dodgers star Fernando Valenzuela in 1992. However, the increased popularity of soccer and the poor condition of the Estadio Tecnologico led to the team's demise.


=== Mexican Pacific League participation ===
The Charros participated in the Mexican Pacific League in the 1952–53, 1953–54 and 1954–55 seasons. The league was known as the Liga de la Costa del Pacífico at that time.
The Charros returned to the Mexican Pacific League with the acquisition of the Algodoneros de Guasave franchise.


== Honours ==


=== Mexican Pacific League championships ===
The Charros have won the Mexican Pacific League Championship once, in the 2018–19 season, when they defeated Yaquis de Ciudad Obregón in six games under manager Roberto Vizcarra.


== Roster ==


== External links ==
Official site


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Qezel Kand-e Sofla (Persian: قزل كند سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qezel Kand-e Soflá) is a village in Seylatan Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 21 families. The village is populated by Azerbaijanis with a Kurdish minority.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Trofeo Cappelli e Ferrania (Central Europe Cup) was a winter association football friendly tournament that took place twice, in Rome, Italy, in 1932 and 1934. The tournament organized by the Italian Football Federation, German Football Federation and Swiss Football Association. The competition, parallel to the Mitropa Cup, aimed to compare the best teams of the three countries mentioned, whereas Switzerland and Germany did not offer teams for the Central European Cup. The cup was finally attributed to the formation which had won the title three times or even twice consecutively. The winners of singolre editions would be awarded a trophy at a reduced size.
The tournament was contested by 4 teams, with semifinals, third place match and final. If any match ended in a draw, it was decided by penalties.


== Titles ==
Note that only the winner and runner-up is shown here. Some years there were more than two participating teams.


== References ==


== External links ==
Trofeo Cappelli e Ferrania at Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation.
<|endoftext|>
James Vincent O'Loghlin (25 November 1852 – 4 December 1925) was an Australian politician.
O'Loghlin was a member of the South Australian Legislative Council from 1888 to 1902, representing the Northern District, and was Chief Secretary under Charles Kingston from 1896 to 1899. He lost his Legislative Council seat in 1902; though he had been a liberal in state politics, he made unsuccessful campaigns for the Australian Senate as an Australian Labor Party candidate at the 1901 federal election and 1906 federal election. He was briefly appointed as a Labor Senator to a casual vacancy in 1907, but it was invalidated following an electoral dispute. He returned to state politics in 1910–1912, winning the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Flinders for Labor, but losing after one term.
He was elected to the Senate at his third attempt as a Labor candidate at the 1913 federal election, served overseas in World War I while in office, and remained with the Labor Party during the 1916 Labor split. He left office in 1920 after being defeated at the 1919 federal election, but was re-elected at the 1922 election, resuming his seat from 1923 until his death in 1925.


== Early history ==
O'Loghlin was born in Gumeracha, South Australia, a son of Susan (ca.1813 – 14 December 1883) and James O'Loghlin (ca.1811 – 5 September 1876), a pioneer farmer, who arrived in South Australia from Ireland in 1840. After being educated at Mr. Besley's Roman Catholic School at Kapunda and the Classical and Commercial Academy (under Mr. J. H. Potter) in the same town, he started farming with his father at Kapunda, Pinkerton, and Blyth, and afterwards at Pekina.
He was next employed on the Hill River and Pinkerton stations, and later worked for the South Australian Carrying Company, which had a contract with the railways. He was next put in charge of the Farrell's Flat railway station, at that time a major junction. He was promoted to manager for the company at Gawler, where he remained until the contract system was abolished and the Government took over the whole of the railway goods traffic.
O'Loghlin next became a wheat-buyer for the millers W. Duffield and Co. of Gawler; and when that firm was amalgamated with the Adelaide Milling and Mercantile Company he was appointed their agent at Terowie.
While there, he and a Mr. Dawson, who had previously been editor of the Burra Record, founded the Terowie Enterprise and North-Eastern Advertiser, and subsequently became sole proprietor. He remained in the newspaper business for three years, and when in 1887 the Adelaide Milling Company moved him to Gladstone, he sold it.


== Politics ==
Shortly after his move to Gladstone, O'Loghlin was elected to its Town Council. In 1888, he was one of ten who sat for the two Northern District seats of the South Australian Legislative Council. John Darling headed the poll, and he won second seat. He moved to Adelaide and took up the post of editor and manager of The Southern Cross, a South Australian Catholic newspaper.
He was a strong supporter of the Irish National League, and their South Australian delegate to the Irish-Australian Convention in Melbourne in November, 1883. He was also a prominent member of the Australian Natives' Association.
O'Loghlin's retained a great popularity in the Northern District, and at the end of his term and he stood for re-election in 1892 he was returned at the head of the poll. In March 1896 Kingston appointed him Chief Secretary and Minister of Defence, retaining those posts until 1 December 1899 when their government was defeated. During that period he was the sole Government member in the Legislative Council. He lost his seat at the 1902 elections, after fourteen years of continuous service.
In State Parliament O'Loghlin was a member of the Barossa Water Commission, and was also a member of the Royal Commission which enquired into railway communication with the Queensland border. As leader of the Legislative Council he was dignified and tactful, and won the friendship of members, as well as their respect.
He was Minister for Defence in the Kingston Government, and in 1899 organised the first two South Australian contingents for service in South Africa in 1899.


=== Federal Parliament ===
Though a liberal in his first stint in state politics, O'Loghlin unsuccessfully contested the 1901 federal election for the Australian Labor Party. Whilst O'Loghlin was not a candidate at the 1906 federal election, when Anti-Socialist Senator Joseph Vardon's election was declared void,  O'Loghlin was appointed by the Parliament of South Australia to the vacancy in the Australian Senate on 11 July 1907. However, on 20 December of the same year, O'Loghlin's appointment was declared void, and he and Vardon contested a special election on 15 February 1908, which was won by Vardon.In between his two stints in federal politics, O'Loghlin had a brief return to state politics, holding Flinders, in the South Australian House of Assembly for one term from 1910 until his defeat in 1912.
In 1913 he was again a Labor candidate for the Senate, and was returned at the head of the poll, with John Newland and William Senior, and held his seat for six years. He was defeated in 1919, having been the only one of South Australia's five Labor senators not to defect to the Nationalist Party after the 1916 split over conscription. In 1922 O'Loghlin was elected with McHugh and Hoare, but died in 1925; the South Australian Nationalist Government successfully installed Nationalist Henry Barwell to his vacant seat.Soon after the war broke out in 1914, though well past the fighting age, he had volunteered for overseas service, and in 1915 was sent as an officer commanding reinforcements for the First AIF to Egypt, Gallipoli, and France. On his return to Australia he was appointed a member of the Federal Parliamentary Recruiting Committee.
He died at his residence, "Glenvolo", Hawthorn, of tuberculosis, after a long period of ill-health. He left a widow, three sons, who were attending Christian Brothers' College, and one daughter, who was a pupil at the Convent of Mercy school in Angas Street, Adelaide.


== Family ==
He married Blanche Besley ( – 23 April 1929), daughter of John Besley (ca.1832 – 3 July 1916) of Mount Gambier, his erstwhile schoolmaster, on 23 January 1907. Their children were:

son born 28 March 1908
daughter born 12 December 1909
son born 7 May 1912
son born 19 October 1918


== A tribute ==
" He did good work for the State and the party he represented. ... He was not an orator in the ordinary acceptation of the term, but he had the gift of clear and lucid expression, and his utterances were always sincere, well thought out, and effective. As a Minister of the Crown in the Kingston Government he was a very active, loyal, and kindly colleague, and could always be relied upon for a just, if careful, decision As Chief Secretary he was alert and capable, and his record as a democratic legislator was of a high order. Senator O'Loghlin was also a capable journalist, and founded and edited with success the "Southern Cross". He had a racy pen, a fund of knowledge, and an excellent memory, all of which stood him in good stead in his writings."


== Notes ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Hana Fukárková (born 7 February 1964) is a former professional tennis player.


== Tennis career ==
Fukárková's junior career included a runner-up finish at the 1981 Orange Bowl and a Wimbledon girls' doubles semi-final the following year.On the professional tour, Fukárková twice qualified for the singles main draw of the French Open in 1984 and 1987, losing in the first round both times. In between those appearances, she reached the second round of the doubles at the 1986 French Open, partnering Jana Novotná. She made two WTA Tour quarterfinals during her career, at Paris in 1987 and Sofia in 1988. Her performance in Paris included a win over Arantxa Sánchez Vicario.


=== Personal ===
Fukárková now lives in Salzburg, Austria and works as a tennis coach.


== ITF finals ==


=== Singles (1–4) ===


=== Doubles (10–5) ===


== References ==


== External links ==
Hana Fukárková at the Women's Tennis Association 
Hana Fukárková at the International Tennis Federation
<|endoftext|>
Munir Ahmed (born 10 November 1970) is an Austrian former cricketer. He was part of the Austrian team at the 2011 ICC European T20 Championship Division One tournament.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Oxford is a city in, and the county seat of, Lafayette County, Mississippi, United States. Founded in 1837, it was named after the British university city of Oxford.
As of the 2010 US Census, the population was 18,916; the Census Bureau estimated the city's 2019 population at 28,122. Oxford is the home of the University of Mississippi, founded in 1848 and commonly known as "Ole Miss".


== History ==
Oxford and Lafayette County were formed from lands ceded by the Chickasaw people in the Treaty of Pontotoc Creek in 1832. The county was organized in 1836, and in 1837 three pioneers—John Martin, John Chisom, and John Craig—purchased land from Hoka, a female Chickasaw landowner, as a site for the town. They named it "Oxford", intending to promote it as a center of learning in the Old Southwest. In 1841, the Mississippi legislature selected Oxford as the site of the state university, which opened in 1848.
During the American Civil War, Oxford was occupied by Union Army troops under Generals Ulysses S. Grant and William T. Sherman in 1862; in 1864 Major General Andrew Jackson Smith burned the buildings in the town square, including the county courthouse. In the postwar Reconstruction era, the town recovered slowly, aided by federal judge Robert Andrews Hill, who secured funds to build a new courthouse in 1872. 
During this period many African American freedmen moved from farms into town and established a neighborhood known as "Freedmen Town", where they built houses, businesses, churches and schools, and exercised all the rights of citizenship. Even after Mississippi disenfranchised most African Americans in the 1890 Constitution of Mississippi, they continued to build their lives in the face of discrimination.
During the Civil Rights Movement, Oxford drew national attention in the Ole Miss riot of 1962. State officials, including Governor Ross Barnett, prevented James Meredith, an African American, from enrolling at the University of Mississippi, even after the federal courts had ruled that he be admitted. Following secret face-saving negotiations with Barnett, President John F. Kennedy ordered 127 U.S. Marshals, 316 deputized U.S. Border Patrol agents and 97 federalized Federal Bureau of Prisons officers to accompany Meredith. Thousands of armed "volunteers" flowed into the Oxford area. Meredith traveled to Oxford under armed guard to register, but riots by segregationists broke out in protest of his admittance. 
That night, cars were burned, federal law enforcement were pelted with rocks, bricks and small arms fire, and university property was damaged by 3,000 rioters. Two civilians were killed by gunshot wounds, and the riot spread into adjacent areas of the city of Oxford. Order was finally restored to the campus with the early morning arrival of 3,000 nationalized Mississippi National Guard and federal troops, who camped in the city.More than 3,000 journalists came to Oxford on September 26, 2008, to cover the first presidential debate of 2008, which was held at the University of Mississippi.


== Geography ==
Oxford is in central Lafayette County in northern Mississippi, about 75 miles (121 km) south-southeast of Memphis, Tennessee.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 26.7 square miles (69.2 km2), of which 26.6 square miles (68.9 km2) are land and 0.1 square miles (0.2 km2), or 0.35%, is water. The campus of the University of Mississippi, west of downtown, is an unincorporated area surrounded by the city.
The city is located in the North Central Hills region of Mississippi. The region is known for its heavily forested hills made up of red clay. The area is higher and greater in relief than areas to the west (such as the Mississippi Delta or loess bluffs along the Delta), but lower in elevation than areas in northeast Mississippi. The changes in elevation can be noticed when traveling on the Highway 6 bypass, since the east-west highway tends to transect many of the north-south ridges. Downtown Oxford sits on one of these ridges and the University of Mississippi sits on another one, while the main commercial corridors on either side of the city sit in valleys.
Oxford is located at the confluence of highways from eight directions: Mississippi Highway 6 (now co-signed with US-278) runs west 25 miles (40 km) to Batesville and east 31 miles (50 km) to Pontotoc; Highway 7 runs north 30 miles (48 km) to Holly Springs and south 18 miles (29 km) to Water Valley. Highway 30 goes northeast 33 miles (53 km) to New Albany; Highway 334 ("Old Highway 6") leads southeast 19 miles (31 km) to Toccopola; Taylor Road leads southwest 9 miles (14 km) to Taylor; and Highway 314 ("Old Sardis Road") leads northwest, formerly to Sardis but now 11 miles (18 km) to the Clear Creek Recreation Area on Sardis Lake.
The streets in the downtown area follow a grid pattern with two naming conventions. Many of the north-south streets are numbered from west to east, beginning at the old railroad depot, with numbers from four to nineteen. The place of "Twelfth Street", however, is taken by North and South Lamar Boulevard (formerly North Street and South Street). The east-west avenues are named for the U.S. presidents in chronological order from north to south, from Washington to Cleveland; here again, there are gaps: there is no street for John Quincy Adams, who shares a last name with John Adams; "Polk Avenue" is replaced by University Avenue; and "Arthur Avenue" is lacking.
Oxford has a humid subtropical climate (Cfa) and is in hardiness zone 7b.


== Demographics ==
As of the census of 2010, there were 18,916 people, with 8,648 households residing in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 72.3% White, 21.8% African American, 0.3% Native American, 3.3% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, and 1.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 2.5% of the population. The average household size was 2.09.
The median income for a household in the city was $38,872, and the average household income was $64,643. The per capita income for the city was $29,195. About 12% of families and 32.3% of the population were below the poverty line.


== Arts and culture ==


=== Attractions ===

In addition to the historic Lafayette County Courthouse, the Square is known for an abundance of locally owned restaurants, specialty boutiques, and professional offices, along with Oxford City Hall.

The J. E. Neilson Co., located on the southeast corner of the Square, is the South's oldest documented store. Founded as a trading post in 1839, Neilson's continues to anchor the Oxford square. Neilsons (pronounced Nelsons) was one of the few stores to survive the burning of Oxford during the Civil war. It stands within eyesight of one of Oxford's two confederate statues (one was erected after the original faced south because the South "never retreats;" a Falkner (William added a "U") paid for the second). Neilson's also features a letter from William Faulkner, who repeatedly refused to pay debts owed to the department store. When the Great Depression hit Oxford and most of the banks in town closed, Neilson's acted as a surrogate bank, cashing paychecks for university employees and others. Neilson's is also the only store in Oxford to carry supplies for Boy Scout uniforms.
Square Books, founded in 1979, is an independent bookstore. A sister store, Off Square Books, is several doors down the street to the east. It deals in used and remainder books and is the venue for a radio show called Thacker Mountain Radio, with host Jim Dees, that is broadcast statewide on Mississippi Public Broadcasting. The show often draws comparisons to Garrison Keillor's A Prairie Home Companion for its mix of author readings and musical guests. A third store, Square Books Jr., deals exclusively in children's books and educational toys.
The Lyric Theater, just off the courthouse square, is Oxford's largest music venue, with a capacity near 1200. Originally built in the late 1800s, the structure became a livery stable owned by William Faulkner's family in the early part of the 20th century. During the 1920s it became Oxford's first motion picture theater, the Lyric. In 1949, Faulkner walked from his home in Oxford to his childhood stable for the world premiere of MGM's Intruder in the Dust, adapted from one of his novels. The building housed office space and a health center from the early 1980s. After extensive restoration, the Lyric reopened on 3 July 2008 as a live music venue. It also is used occasionally for film and live drama.
The Gertrude Castellow Ford Center for the Performing Arts on the University of Mississippi's campus hosts a broad range of events, such as symphony performances, operas, musicals, plays, comedy tours, chamber music, and guest lectures. The Ford Center, as it is commonly known, also hosted the 2008 Presidential Debate between former President Barack Obama and Senator John McCain.
The University of Mississippi Museum is located on the University of Mississippi's main campus. The Robinson collection of Greek and Roman antiquities and the Millington-Barnard collection of 19th century scientific instruments are permanent collections of the museum. The museum is also home to the personal collections of Kate Skipwith and Mary Buie. The permanent exhibits are free to the public.
The Burns-Belfry Museum was previously the Burns Methodist Episcopal Church organized by freed African Americans in 1910. Now, the museum pays tribute to its role in the Civil War era. The museum houses a permanent exhibit on African American history that spans from slavery through the Civil Rights Movement.


=== Culture ===
Oxford has had a diverse music scene for many years. Oxford's relatively close proximity to large music cities such as Memphis, New Orleans, and Nashville, influence its musical stylings. Musicians past and present living in Oxford include Beanland, The Cooters, Bass Drum of Death, Kudzu Kings, Blue Mountain, George McConnell, Caroline Herring and blues harp player Adam Gussow.
Oxford is also the home of the renegade blues label Fat Possum Records, who released records by blues legends R. L. Burnside and Junior Kimbrough, as well as The Black Keys.  Johnny Marr, former guitarist for The Smiths and current member of Modest Mouse bought a home in Oxford but no longer lives in it.  Former Derek and the Dominos member Bobby Whitlock lived in Oxford where he had a ranch and his own studio.
Musicians Modest Mouse, Gavin Degraw, Elvis Costello, The Hives, and Counting Crows have recorded albums at Sweet Tea Recording Studio in Oxford. Dennis Herring, the owner of Sweet Tea, has received Grammy awards for his work with artists such as Jars of Clay and blues great Buddy Guy.
Bob Dylan wrote a song called "Oxford Town", which was included on his album The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan. The song was about the violent events surrounding the admission of James Meredith into the University of Mississippi in 1962. Dylan played a memorable concert at the Tad Smith Coliseum on the Ole Miss campus in November 1990, which opened with a performance of the song Oxford Town.
Oxford has been the setting for numerous movies, including Intruder in the Dust (1949, based on the Faulkner novel), Home from the Hill (1960), Barn Burning (1980, based on the Faulkner short story), Rush (1981 documentary), Heart of Dixie (1989), The Gun in Betty Lou's Handbag (1992), Glorious Mail (2005), Sorry, We're Open (2008 documentary), The Night of the Loup Garou (2009), Where I Begin (2010), and parts of The People vs. Larry Flynt (1997).
American journalist and novelist Joan Didion mentions Oxford in her collection of essays The White Album (book).


=== Historic sites ===
See also National Register of Historic Places listings in Lafayette County, Mississippi and the Lyceum-The Circle Historic District, University of Mississippi.

Ammadelle (Pegues House), designed by Calvert Vaux
Barnard Observatory (Center for the Study of Southern Culture), University of Mississippi, 1859
Isom Place, ca. 1843, remodeled 1848
Lafayette County Courthouse, 1872, designed by Willis, Sloan, and Trigg
Lucius Q. C. Lamar House, ca. 1860
The Lyceum, University of Mississippi, 1848, designed by William Nichols
Rowan Oak (William Faulkner House), 1848
St. Peter's Episcopal Church, 1860, attributed to Richard Upjohn (Neo-Gothic)
University of Mississippi Power House, site of William Faulkner's composition of As I Lay Dying
Ventress Hall, University of Mississippi, 1889 (Richardson Romanesque)


== Education ==
The city is served by two public school districts, Oxford School District and Lafayette County School District, and by three private schools: Oxford University School, Regents School of Oxford and Magnolia Montessori. Oxford is partially the home of the main campus of the University of Mississippi, known as "Ole Miss" (much of the campus is in University, Mississippi, an unincorporated enclave surrounded by the city), and of the Lafayette-Yalobusha Center of Northwest Mississippi Community College. The North Mississippi Japanese Supplementary School, a Japanese weekend school, is operated in conjunction with the University of Mississippi, with classes held on campus.


== Media ==
The Oxford Eagle, founded 1865
The Daily Mississippian, the student newspaper of The University of Mississippi, founded 1911
The Local Voice, a bimonthly entertainment guide and newspaper


== Infrastructure ==


=== Health care ===
The Baptist Memorial Hospital - North Mississippi, located in Oxford provides comprehensive health care services for Oxford and the surrounding area, supported by a growing number of physicians, clinics and support facilities.  The North Mississippi Regional Center, a state-licensed Intermediate Care Facility for Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities (ICF/IID), is located in Oxford.
Oxford is home to the National Center for Natural Products Research at the University of Mississippi's School of Pharmacy. The Center is the only facility in the United States that is federally licensed to cultivate marijuana for scientific research, and to distribute it to medical marijuana patients.


=== Transportation ===
The city operates public transportation under the name Oxford-University Transit (OUT), with bus routes throughout the city and University of Mississippi campus. Ole Miss students and faculty ride free upon showing University identification.
Mississippi Central Railroad provides freight rail service to the Lafayette County Industrial Park in Oxford.
University-Oxford Airport is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northwest of the central business district of Oxford. The airport is owned by the University of Mississippi.


== Notable people ==

William Faulkner grew up in Oxford and used it as the fictional city of "Jefferson".
Authors include John Grisham, Kiese Laymon, Curtis Wilkie, Ace Atkins, Chris Offutt, Howard Bahr, Richard Ford, Tom Franklin, Beth Ann Fennelly, Ann Fisher-Wirth, Wright Thompson, Stark Young, Larry Brown, Willie Morris and Barry Hannah.
Artists include photorealist painter Glennray Tutor, figurative painter Jere Allen and primitive artist Theora Hamblett (1895–1977).
Secretary of the Interior Jacob Thompson (1810–1885) owned a manor called "Home Place" in Oxford that was burned during the Civil War by Union troops. A historical marker stands where it once stood.
L.Q.C. Lamar (1825–1893), U.S. senator and supreme court justice, resided in Oxford, where he served as professor of mathematics at the University of Mississippi, farmed, and practiced law. He was the son-in-law of university chancellor Augustus Baldwin Longstreet. Lamar's home in Oxford was restored as a museum in 2008.
Naomi Sims (1948-2009), fashion model, was born in Oxford.
New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning, who played college football at Ole Miss, lives in Oxford during the off-season. His father, former Ole Miss and New Orleans Saints quarterback Archie Manning, owns a condominium in Oxford.


== Sister city ==
 Aubigny-sur-Nère, Cher, France


== References ==


== External links ==

City of Oxford official website
Oxford-Lafayette County Chamber of Commerce
Oxford Tourism Council
<|endoftext|>
"(You're Puttin') A Rush on Me" is a 1987 single by American singer Stephanie Mills. The single was her third number one on the Hot Black Singles chart and second number one in 1987. The single spent one week at the top spot and crossed over to the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number eighty-five. "(You're Puttin') A Rush on Me" also peaked at number twenty-three on the dance charts.


== Charts ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Diplodoma adspersella is a moth of the Psychidae family. It is found in Germany, Austria, Italy, Hungary and Romania.
The forewings are brownish-grey with a yellow lustre and small pale yellowish spots. The hindwings are light grey.The larvae feed on mosses, lichens and dead insects.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
At the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, a single modern pentathlon event was contested.


== Medalists ==


== Participating nations ==
A total of 42 athletes from 16 nations competed at the Berlin Games:


== Results ==
The method of scoring was point-for-place.  First place received one point, second place received two, and so on.  The athlete with the fewest points won the event.


=== Riding ===


=== Fencing ===
Each athlete participated in a round-robin épée tournament.  Each match lasted one minute, and the first athlete to score a hit won.


=== Shooting ===
Each athlete shot 20 shots with a rapid-fire pistol.


=== Swimming ===
Each athlete raced in a 300-meter freestyle event.


=== Running ===
Each athlete ran a 4000-meter race.


=== Final Standings ===


== References ==


== External links ==
"Olympic Medal Winners". International Olympic Committee. Retrieved 2006-12-05.
<|endoftext|>
Concas is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Fabio Concas (born 1986), Italian footballer
Graziella Concas (born 1970), Italian classical pianist and composer
<|endoftext|>
Wakaf Mempelam is a small village and a ward of Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia.
<|endoftext|>
The Municipal District of Opportunity No. 17 is a municipal district (MD) occupying a remote area in central northern Alberta, Canada. Located in Census Division 17 north of the Town of Athabasca, its municipal office is located in the Hamlet of Wabasca.


== History ==
The MD of Opportunity No. 17 was established on August 1, 1995 from the former Improvement District No. 17 East (North).


== Economy ==
The economy of the MD of Opportunity No. 17 includes oil and gas production, forestry, as well as diamond exploration. The municipality also offers the lowest residential tax rate in the Province of Alberta as part of its efforts to attract and retain residents. Tourism is also a growing segment of the economy in the M.D. Calling Lake Provincial Park in the south, along with North Wabasca Lake provide numerous opportunities for outdoor recreation year round.


== Demographics ==
In the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the MD of Opportunity No. 17 recorded a population of 3,181 living in 1,002 of its 1,554 total private dwellings, a 3.5% change from its 2011 population of 3,074. With a land area of 29,142.1 km2 (11,251.8 sq mi), it had a population density of 0.1/km2 (0.3/sq mi) in 2016. The population of the MD is 69.4% First Nations and 10.1% Métis, making it the only predominantly Indigenous MD in Alberta.The population of the MD of Opportunity No. 17 according to its 2016 municipal census is 2,639, a -17.9% change from its 2015 municipal census population of 3,214.In the 2011 Census, the MD of Opportunity No. 17 had a population of 3,074 living in 974 of its 1,430 total dwellings, an 8% change from its 2006 population of 2,847. With a land area of 29,140.78 km2 (11,251.32 sq mi), it had a population density of 0.1/km2 (0.3/sq mi) in 2011.


== Communities and localities ==


== See also ==
List of communities in Alberta
List of municipal districts in Alberta


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Volker Gerhardt (born July 21, 1944) is a German philosopher. He specializes in ethics, political philosophy, aesthetics, metaphysics and theology. His historical studies are centered on Plato, Kant and Nietzsche but have also dealt with Hegel, Marx, Jaspers, Voegelin, Hannah Arendt, Carl Schmitt and others.
Volker Gerhardt studied philosophy, psychology and law in Frankfurt and Münster. He obtained his doctorate at Münster, and received his Habilitation there in 1984.
In 1985 Gerhardt became Professor of Philosophy at Münster. From 1988 to 1992 he led the Institute of Philosophy at the Deutsche Sporthochschule Köln. In 1992 he became Professor for Practical Philosophy at the Humboldt University in Berlin.


== Other activities ==
German Ethics Council, Member (2008-2012)


== Writings ==
Pathos und Distanz: Studien zur Philosophie Friedrich Nietzsches. Reclam, Stuttgart 1988. ISBN 978-3150085042.
Friedrich Nietzsche. Beck, München 4. Auflage 2006. ISBN 978-3406541230.
Immanuel Kants Entwurf 'Zum ewigen Frieden'. Eine Theorie der Politik. Wissenschaftliche Buchgesellschaft, Darmstadt 1999. ISBN 978-3110128017.
Vom Willen zur Macht. Anthropologie und Metaphysik der Macht am exemplarischen Fall Friedrich Nietzsches. de Gruyter, Berlin,  New York 1996. ISBN 978-3110128017.
Selbstbestimmung: Das Prinzip der Individualität. Reclam, Stuttgart 1999. ISBN 978-3150097618.
Individualität. Das Element der Welt. Beck, München 2000. ISBN 978-3406459214.
Der Mensch wird geboren. Kleine Apologie der Humanität. Beck, München 2002. ISBN 978-3406485435.
Immanuel Kant: Vernunft und Leben. Reclam, Stuttgart 2002. ISBN 978-3150182352.
Die angeborene Würde des Menschen: Aufsätze zur Biopolitik. Parerga, Berlin 2003. ISBN 978-3937262086.
Partizipation. Das Prinzip der Politik. Beck, München 2007, ISBN 3406528880. Buchbesprechung von Frank Hahn
Exemplarisches Denken: Aufsätze aus dem Merkur. Fink Verlag, München 2008. ISBN 978-3770545858.
Existentieller Liberalismus: Beiträge zur Politischen Philosophie und zum politischen Zeitgeschehen, Hrsg. Héctor Wittwer. Duncker & Humblot, Berlin 2009. ISBN 978-3428129188.
Die Funken des freien Geistes: Neuere Aufsätze zu Nietzsches Philosophie der Zukunft, Hrsg. J.-Ch. Heilinger und N. Loukidelis. de Gruyter, Berlin 2011. ISBN 978-3110246629.
Der Sinn des Sinns: Versuch über das Göttliche, C. H. Beck, München 2014. ISBN 978-3-406-66934-7.


== References ==


== External links ==
Literature by and about Volker Gerhardt in the German National Library catalogue
Homepage at the Institute for Philosophy at the HU Berlin
Inaugural Lecture of June 30, 1993 at the Humboldt University Berlin
Einstein-Forum-Video with Volker Gerhardt
<|endoftext|>
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 243 (P. Oxy. 243 or P. Oxy. II 243) is a fragment containing a registration of a mortgage, written in Greek. It was discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. It is dated between 25 February and 24 March 79. Currently it is housed in the British Library (Department of Manuscripts, 790) in London.


== Description ==
The document was written by Chairemon, son of Chairemon, and was addressed to the agoranymus. It describes a mortgage issued by Didymus to Dionysius of 1,300 silver drachmae with some real property as security for a term of one year at an interest rate of one percent per month.The most interesting aspect of the document historically is that it states explicitly that the rate of exchange between copper drachmae and silver was, at the time, 1800 to 4.  The measurements of the fragment are 235 by 112 mm.It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1899.


== See also ==
Oxyrhynchus Papyri


== References ==

 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: B. P. Grenfell; A. S. Hunt (1899). Oxyrhynchus Papyri II. London: Egypt Exploration Fund.
<|endoftext|>
WHNY (1000 AM) is an American radio station broadcasting a classic country format, simulcasting WHNY-FM 104.7 Henry, Tennessee. Licensed to Paris, Tennessee, United States, it serves the Jackson, Tennessee, area. The station is owned by Forever Media, through licensee Forever South Licenses, LLC, and features programming from Citadel Media.On March 2, 2020, WHNY changed their format from oldies to classic country, simulcasting WHNY-FM 104.7, branded as "Big Henry".


== FM translator ==
In addition to the main station at 1000 kHz, WHNY is relayed by an FM translator to widen its broadcast area and, in this case, allow 24 hours broadcasting of the format. WHNY is a daytime-only station. The FM translator also gives the listener the advantage of FM broadcasting in high fidelity stereo sound.


== Previous logo ==


== References ==


== External links ==
WHNY in the FCC's AM station database
WHNY on Radio-Locator
WHNY in Nielsen Audio's AM station databaseW248BK in the FCC's FM station database
W248BK on Radio-Locator
<|endoftext|>
David R. Wrone (born May 15, 1933) is an American academic, author and historian. He is a professor emeritus of history at the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point and a specialist in the fields of Native American history and political assassinations, writing books and articles on the assassinations of Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy.


== Biography ==
A native of Clinton, Illinois, Wrone graduated from Clinton High School in 1951. He attended the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, earning his bachelor's degree and doctorate in American history. He was a history professor for 35 years at the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point, and has been professor emeritus since retiring in 1993.UW-Stevens Point honored Wrone with the "Excellence in Teaching Award" for 1969-1970 and the "Scholar Award" for 1993-1994.
Wrone is on the board of directors of the Assassination Archives and Research Center, an organization founded in 1984 to research and compile records related to political assassinations.


== Career ==


=== Native American history ===
In the course of his academic career, Wrone lectured, researched and wrote about Native American tribes. His research includes the treaty rights of the U.S.-Native American treaties, and on the Menominee nation and Stockbridge-Munsee Community of Wisconsin.In 1973, he authored the book, Who's The Savage? A Documentary History of the Mistreatment of the Native North Americans.
At UW-Stevens Point, Wrone helped introduce Menominee language courses, the first instruction of the language at any university.


=== Study of JFK assassination ===
Wrone has devoted more than 40 years to researching the assassination of John F. Kennedy. He is a frequent author of book reviews on the assassination, and edited The Legal Proceedings of Harold Weisberg v. General Services Administration (1975), the court record on the lawsuit to obtain the executive session transcripts of the Warren Commission from January 20, 1964 and January 27, 1964. Wrone sued the United States government for records of Abraham Zapruder's 26-second film of Kennedy's assassination, in particular records relating to its acquisition and purchase.Wrone taught a course in the subject at UW-Stevens Point, and in 1993 published the book, The Zapruder Film: Reframing JFK's Assassination, an in-depth analysis of the film. According to Wrone, the film proves that there was more than one gunman firing at Kennedy's motorcade.He is a frequent critic of the Warren Commission and its subsequent report, which he believes was padded with useless information. Wrone said in 2013, “When you go through those 912 pages, you'll find that it tells you Lee Harvey Oswald in 1941 had a dog called 'Sunshine' and that his aunt worked in 1929 in Woolworths dime store in New Orleans. It also tells you that John Quincy Adams, President of the United States, liked to skinny dip in the Potomac River, and that President Chet Arthur liked to ride the streetcars. It also tells you many other interesting things that had no relationship whatsoever to the murder of President John F. Kennedy.”Wrone has commented on Oliver Stone's 1991 film JFK by stating: "The film fails on logic, fails on fact." He described Stone's premise of a conspiracy involving the Central Intelligence Agency and a so-called military-industrial complex as "irrational". According to Wrone, other assassination films, including Executive Action and Interview with the Assassin, are "the commercial exploitation of a great tragedy". Regarding the latter film, he said: "The facts in Interview with the Assassin were so egregiously in error, I had to stop watching it."He is one of several academic critics of Gerald Posner's well-known JFK assassination book Case Closed (1993), which Wrone blames for "massive numbers of factual errors" as well as off-base speculation. He also criticized pundit Bill O'Reilly's 2012 book, Killing Kennedy: The End of Camelot, calling it "one atrocious book."


=== The Zapruder Film ===
Wrone's 2003 book, The Zapruder Film: Reframing JFK's Assassination, provides a frame-by-frame analysis of Abraham Zapruder's 26-second film of Kennedy's assassination and various aspects of the film's history. The book also outlines Wrone's argument that shots were fired at Kennedy from three different angles, with none of them originating from Lee Harvey Oswald's position on the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository.Addressing the issue that some believe the film to be a forgery, Michael L. Kurtz wrote that "...Wrone's lengthy and exhaustive study of the history of the Zapruder film argues persuasively for its authenticity." Reviewing the book for CNN, L.D. Meagher wrote: "Wrone writes carefully, building his analysis brick by brick. His prose is academic, which may be off-putting to the casual reader. But his research is quite thorough and his conclusions are compelling." A review in Publishers Weekly stated: "While Wrone's exhaustive consideration of the film itself quickly becomes tedious, he provides a few chapters that tell some intriguing stories" and "[a]side from these anecdotes, however, there is nothing new here, just reiteration of the scathing criticisms of the Warren Commission's conclusions." According to Kermit L. Hall: "The book treats what might be thought the perfect piece of evidence with far too much authority. What the Zapruder footage shows is that a man was killed before our eyes, but Wrone's efforts to determine the origin of the shots is, in the end, frustrating and ultimately problematical."


== Selected publications ==
Who's The Savage? A Documentary History of the Mistreatment of the Native North Americans, with Russell S. Nelson, Fawcett 1973.
The Freedom of Information Act and Political Assassination: The Legal Proceedings of Harold Weisberg v. General Services Administration, 1978.
Lincoln: Democracy's Touchstone, 1979
The Assassination of John F. Kennedy: A Comprehensive Historical and Legal Bibliography, 1963-1979, 1980.
Two Assassinations : Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy, Lincoln Fellowship of Wisconsin. Meeting (37th: 1980 : Madison), Alfred Whital Stern Collection of Lincolniana (Library of Congress).
 The HSCA, the Zapruder Film, and the Single-Bullet Theory, 1993
The Zapruder Film: Reframing the JFK Assassination, University Press of Kansas, 2003.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Faculty of Theology of the Evangelical Baptist Union of Spain (Spanish: Facultad de Teología de la Unión Evangélica Bautista de España), also known as the Theological Seminary of UEBE (Spanish: Seminario Teológico UEBE), is an accredited theological Institute offering graduate and undergraduate degrees in theology. It is affiliated with the Union of Evangelical Baptists of Spain. The seminary campus is located in Alcobendas in the Comunidad de Madrid, Spain.


== History ==
In 1922, the Baptist Theological Institute (Instituto Teológico Bautista) is founded in Barcelona by Board of Foreign Missions (presently called the International Mission Board) of the Southern Baptist Convention of the USA. The faculty was composed of Nils Bengston, Ambrosio Celma, Everett Gill and Percy Buffard, founder of the Spanish Christian Mission, based in Valdepeñas (Ciudad Real). In 1925 Baptist missionary Vincent Leroy David arrived in Spain and took up the position of director. By 1926 the seminary had fourteen students and, two years later, ten. At this time the faculty of teachers was formed by Vincent L. David, his wife, Nils Bengston and Emilio Mora. One program aimed at training men for the pastorate, while the other trained lay leaders for work at the various Baptist missions.
The seminary was very dependent on aid from North American and was negatively affected by the Great Depression. The contributions of the FMB to the Baptist work in Spain decreased by 33%, and the Baptist Theological Institute of Barcelona had to temporarily cease functioning in 1929. In the fall of 1948 the seminary was reopened with six students after nineteen inactive years. The new director was Dr. Jorge Jennings who had been sent to Spain by the FMB. Classes resumed in a rented building in a popular neighborhood of Barcelona which served both as a study center student housing. Soon the seminary had its own building on Camp Street in Barcelona, bought by the FMB, which in 1957 was expanded and modernized. By then the seminary's director was Dr. Roy Wyatt. The restrictions in Francoist Spain to the Spanish, non-Catholic confessions were hardened in the 1950s, but nonetheless the seminary continued to function. In the 1960s the seminary was closed on two occasions due to internal problems (1959-1961 and 1962-1963).In 1976, the school moves from Barcelona to the city of Alcobendas in the Comunidad de Madrid. The new installations of what would be a seminary and Baptist center were inaugurated in this town on the outskirts of Madrid. While this decision did not satisfy some Spanish Baptists, but the time and the urban development of the city ended up affirming the Baptist leaders who defended the convenience of placing the most representative institution of Baptist work in the center of the country. In 1978 Mr. José Borrás Cerveró was appointed director, becoming the first Spaniard to accede to this position in fifty-six years. Since then, the successive directors of the Baptist Seminary have been Spanish, and its staff of teachers has also been reinforced with native staff.In 1997, the seminary takes the name of Theological Seminary of UEBE (Seminario Teológico UEBE).


== Campus ==
The campus is located at 134 Calle Marqués de la Valdavia in Alcobendas and is 15 to 20 minutes away from central Madrid by train (cercania). "The Seminary is close to parks, schools, recreational facilities, and various, metro, train, and bus stations. The Seminary building is both residential and educational."


== Academics ==
Since 1922, the seminary has been training most of the Spanish Baptist pastors and leaders, but also of other evangelical denominations, offering formation programs that respond to the current ecclesial and ministerial needs inside and outside Spanish territory. In a 2014 interview Dr. Julio Díaz Piñeiro, director of the seminary, said, "Churches must recognize theological education as part of the teaching ministry of the church, and theological institutions, on the other hand, be at the service of congregations, not of themselves or of a misunderstood intelligentsia."The seminary offers two accredited degree programs: Bachelor of Theology and Master of Theology. In addition to these the seminary offers others non-accredited degrees and diplomas.
The seminary publishes the Protestant Theological Journal as well.


== Accreditation ==
In September 2011 the seminary received civil accreditation becoming recognized as the Protestant Faculty of Theology of the UEBE.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Petition (1944–1964) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was officially rated the second-best two-year-old in Britain in 1946 when he won the New Stakes, Richmond Stakes, Gimcrack Stakes and Champagne Stakes. He won on his debut in 1947 but sustained an injury when finishing unplaced in the 2000 Guineas and failed to win in two subsequent races that year. In 1948 he returned to his best form to beat a strong field in the Eclipse Stakes. He was retired to stud where he became a successful and influential breeding stallion.


== Background ==
Petition was a brown horse bred by his owner, Sir Alfred Butt. He was sired by Fair Trial, whose other offspring included Palestine, Festoon and Court Martial. Petition's dam Art Paper, won two races and had produced the Dewhurst Stakes winner Paper Weight.The colt was sent into training with Frank Butters at his Fitzroy stable in Newmarket, Suffolk.


== Racing career ==


=== 1946: two-year-old season ===
As a two-year-old, Petition was ridden in most of his races by Harry Wragg. He made his racecourse debut at York Racecourse in May finishing third in the Eglington Stakes. In the following month, he was sent to Royal Ascot for the New Stakes (the race now known as the Norfolk Stakes) over five furlongs. He started at odds of 7/4 and won from Goldsborough with the future Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe Migoli in third. The opposition to Petition in the Richmond Stakes at Goodwood Racecourse was not strong and he won easily at odds of 1/5. In August he started 13/8 favourite for the Gimcrack takes over six furlongs at York and won from Sayajirao a colt who went on to win the Irish Derby and the St Leger Stakes in the following year. Petition ended his season in the Champagne Stakes at Doncaster Racecourse in September. Edgar Britt, an Australian jockey, took over from Wragg on Petition, and the colt won his fourth consecutive race at odds of 21/20.


=== 1947: three-year-old season ===
Petition began his second season in the Henry VIII Stakes at Hurst Park Racecourse, a trial race for the 2000 Guineas, and won by ten lengths from Sayajirao. Following this race he was considered the only horse likely to challenge the undefeated Tudor Minstrel in the Guineas, but his chance was lost just before the start when he reared up and fell backwards. He ran in the race but made no impression and finished unplaced, returning with a back injury which kept him off the racecourse for three months.Petition reappeared at Goodwood for the one-mile Sussex Stakes, which was then a race restricted to three-year-olds. He finished second, beaten by Tudor Minstrel's unbeaten stable companion Combat. On his only other race of the season he was again matched against Tudor Minstrel in the Knight's Royal Stakes at Ascot in September. On this occasion he finished third behind Tudor Minstrel and the French-trained seven-year-old Vagabond.


=== 1948: four-year-old season ===
On his four-year-old debut, Petition recorded his first success for a year when he won the Victoria Cup, a seven furlong handicap race carrying a weight of 129 pounds. He next ran in the Rous Memorial Stakes at Royal Ascot where he was unsuited by the slow pace and finished second to his only rival Oros. In July he was moved up in distance for one of Britain's most prestigious and valuable weight-for-age races, the Eclipse Stakes over ten furlongs at Sandown Park Racecourse. He was ridden by Ken Gethin, he started at 8/1 in a field which included Migoli (who had won the race in 1947), Sayajirao and the future American champion Noor. Petition produced a late run to win by a short head from Sayajirao with Noor in third place.


== Assessment ==
In 1946, Petition was rated the second best two-year-old to race in Britain in the official Free Handicap, two pounds behind Tudor Minstrel. The independent Timeform organisation gave him a peak annual rating of 130 in 1948, placing him five pounds below the top-rated older horses Arbar and Tenerani.


== Stud record ==
Petition was retired from racing to become a breeding stallion at his owner's Brook Stud in Newmarket. The best of his offspring was the grey mare Petite Etoile whose wins included the 1000 Guineas, Oaks, Champion Stakes and Coronation Cup. His best colt was Petingo who was Timeform's top-rated racehorse of 1967. He was also the damsire of the 1000 Guineas winner Night Off and Falcon, the sire of the Champion Hurdler Night Nurse. Several of Petition's sons became successful sires: Petingo sired the Derby winner Troy and was the grandsire of the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes winner Ela-Mana-Mou; March Past, a sprinter, sired Queen's Hussar who in turn sired Brigadier Gerard and Highclere. Petition died of heart failure in 1964 at the Brook Stud.


== Pedigree ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Kerry Marie Butler is an American actress known primarily for her work in theatre. She is best known for originating the roles of Barbara Maitland in Beetlejuice, Penny Pingleton in Hairspray, and Clio/Kira in Xanadu, the latter of which earned her a Tony Award nomination for Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Musical.


== Early life ==
Born in the Bensonhurst neighborhood of Brooklyn, Butler began acting in commercials at the age of three. She notes that growing up, "When I saw Annie ... I knew that was what I wanted to do." After a four-year hiatus imposed by her mother, Kerry started acting again at the age of nine and has been at it since.Butler graduated from Ithaca College in 1992, where she majored in musical theatre.


== Career ==
Butler toured with the musical Oklahoma! in Europe in the role of Ado Annie. Other New York roles included Vicki in the workshop of Bright Lights, Big City, Barrow in The "I" Word and Claudia in The Folsom Head. She also has done work on various commercials.Butler made her Broadway debut in 1993 in the role of Ms. Jones in the musical Blood Brothers, where she also understudied the role of Linda. In 1995, Butler originated the role of Belle for the Toronto production of Disney's Beauty and the Beast, and she was nominated for a Dora Award for her performance. Butler eventually transferred to Broadway as Belle, and, after playing the role for over two years, she left the musical in September 1997 and was replaced by Debbie Gibson. She then moved over to Les Misérables to play Eponine.
In 2001 Butler played the love interest Shelley in the acclaimed Off-Broadway original musical Bat Boy: The Musical. Though the show had a "fanatical following", Butler noted that "We were really building an audience before Sept. 11. And after that we never recovered. People didn't want to go out at all, let alone downtown." Bat Boy closed in December 2001.


=== Hairspray ===
In February 2002, Butler was cast as Penny Pingleton (a role she had originated in workshops) in Hairspray, the musical version of the John Waters 1988 film of the same name. After an out-of-town tryout in Seattle, Hairspray opened on Broadway in August 2002 and "became an immediate Broadway smash." Even in a star-studded ensemble cast, reviewers singled Butler out for her sparkling performance as the wacky best friend. The show won eight Tony Awards including Best Musical. For her performance, Butler was nominated for Drama Desk and Outer Critics Circle Awards and received the Clarence Derwent Award.
While Hairspray went into pre-production, Butler played the free-spirited performance artist Maddie in the limited run of the intimate Australian musical Prodigal at the York Theatre. In March 2002 Butler also appeared on the TV show Sesame Street as Ms. Camp, a letter carrier. During her run in Hairspray, Butler filmed a TV pilot for Fox entitled Twins, but it was not picked up for the season.After starring in Hairspray for a year, Butler left the cast in July 2003 and was succeeded by Jenn Gambatese.


=== Little Shop of Horrors and beyond ===

Following the end of her Hairspray contract, Butler was cast as Audrey in the Broadway revival production of the musical Little Shop of Horrors. Butler revisited her long-lost childhood Brooklyn accent to play Audrey, the love interest with a sadistic dentist boyfriend and a heart of gold. A fan of Little Shop composer Alan Menken, who also wrote the music for Beauty and the Beast, Butler received an Outer Critics Circle nomination for her performance.
After leaving the show in the summer of 2004, Butler traveled to San Francisco where she created the role of scheming, foul-mouthed teenager Dedee Truitt in the new musical The Opposite of Sex, which had its world premiere at the Magic Theatre that fall. The musical is based on Don Roos' 1998 film starring Christina Ricci and Lisa Kudrow.In the fall of 2005, Butler appeared in the original Off-Broadway musical Miracle Brothers at the Vineyard Theatre. She played Isabel, a mother made miserable by the rebelliousness of her son as well as her unhappy marriage. In the summer of 2006, Butler reprised her role of Dedee in The Opposite of Sex at the Williamstown Theatre Festival and followed that by taking on the role of Kate, the Ayn Rand-loving runaway bride, in the New York Musical Theatre Festival production of Party Come Here.
Butler also portrayed the manipulative heiress and recovering alcoholic Claudia Reston on the ABC soap opera One Life to Live from January 2006 until January 2007, when her character was written off the show.


=== Xanadu ===
From May 2007 through September 2008, Butler returned to the Broadway stage to star in the new musical Xanadu, based on the 1980 roller-disco film starring Olivia Newton-John. She played the dual role of Clio/Kira, a Greek muse who inspires and falls in love with a struggling artist. Butler mastered roller skating for the role and spent nearly the duration of the show on skates. Widely expected to be a flop, the musical opened in July 2007 to extensive critical acclaim and was the surprise hit of the summer.For her role in Xanadu, Butler was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Musical and the Drama League Award for Distinguished Performance.In February and March 2008, Butler appeared as Reese, the thieving assistant to a fashion designer, in the first season of the television series Lipstick Jungle on NBC.


=== Faith, Trust & Pixie Dust ===
In May 2008, Butler released her first solo album on the PS Classics label. The album is entitled Faith, Trust & Pixie Dust and features some of Butler's favorite songs from Disney films and shows given "intimate, acoustic" arrangements. The title is taken from the lyrics of the Jonatha Brooke song "I'll Try", from the film Return to Neverland, which is featured on the album. Of note is the track "This Only Happens in the Movies", an unreleased song written by Alan Menken (for the unrealized prequel to Who Framed Roger Rabbit), being given its inaugural recording. The full track listing is below.
In a unique contest sponsored by her official site, Butler let fans submit suggestions for one song to be included on the album, with the winner, chosen by Butler, joining her in the studio when the song was recorded. The winning entry was "God Help the Outcasts", from the animated film The Hunchback of Notre Dame.


=== Catch Me If You Can, Rock of Ages ===
The following year, Butler was again featured as a guest star on major television shows. In May 2009 she appeared on an episode of NBC's 30 Rock, as a member of a group of New York ladies of leisure with a surprising secret. The following month, she appeared on the ABC series Cupid, as Debbie, a working-class masseuse who attempts to improve herself to impress her wealthy boyfriend.
In the summer of 2009, Butler appeared in the world premiere of Catch Me If You Can at the 5th Avenue Theatre, the same venue where Hairspray had its pre-Broadway tryout. She played Brenda Strong, the Southern ingénue who falls in love with the con artist Frank Abagnale, Jr. (The role was played by Amy Adams in the Steven Spielberg film version of Catch Me If You Can.)
In September 2009, Butler began a six-month engagement in the Broadway musical Rock of Ages, playing six performances a week. She played the lead role of Sherrie, a small-town girl who moves to the Sunset Strip in Los Angeles to pursue her dream of becoming an actress. Butler left the production on March 13, 2010.
In April 2010, Butler made her New York City cabaret debut at Feinstein's at the Regency with a show of songs she has performed on Broadway as well as personal favorites.
In October 2010, Butler starred in the New York Musical Theatre Festival production of Pandora's Box, playing the title role of Pandora, a slightly naive suburban housewife whose life is turned upside down by the arrival of a mysterious stranger. She also appeared as Mary Jo Clarkson, an Islamist terrorist, on the CBS television show Blue Bloods.
From March to September 2011, Butler reprised the role of Brenda Strong in the Broadway production of Catch Me if You Can at the Neil Simon Theatre, the same Broadway theatre where Hairspray played. For this role she was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Musical.Also in September 2011, Butler appeared on the series finale of FX's Rescue Me as an overprotective mother who argues with Denis Leary's character on a playground.


=== The Best Man, The Call, Under My Skin ===
From March through September 2012, Butler appeared in the Broadway revival of Gore Vidal's The Best Man. She played Mabel Cantwell, the Southern wife of a presidential candidate. The production costarred Angela Lansbury, James Earl Jones, Candice Bergen, Eric McCormack, John Larroquette, Michael McKean, and Jefferson Mays. It was her first Broadway role in a drama, rather than a musical.
On February 18, 2013, Butler played Evelyn Nesbit in a concert production of Ragtime at Avery Fisher Hall. Also that month, she appeared on an episode of White Collar, playing a skeptical art dealer.
From March through May 2013, Butler appeared Off-Broadway in The Call, a new play by Tanya Barfield, a co-production between Playwrights Horizons and Primary Stages. In it, Butler played Annie, an urban artist who decides to adopt a baby from Africa. The play was very personal to Butler.
In May 2013, Butler appeared on an episode of Law and Order: SVU as Ariel Randolph, a mother with a secret life whose bad decisions have tragic consequences.
From April to June 2014, Butler appeared Off-Broadway in Under My Skin, a comedy by Robert Sternin and Prudence Fraser (of The Nanny fame). She played Melody Dent, a temp at a health insurance company who, thanks to a freak accident and divine intervention, ends up switching bodies with the male CEO of the company.


=== Return to musical theatre; additional television appearances ===
In October 2014, Butler starred in the York Theatre Company production of Big alongside John Tartaglia. She played Susan Lawrence, who works at a toy company and becomes the love interest of the main character.In December 2014, Butler appeared on The Mysteries of Laura as a protective mother and on Elementary as a birdwatcher.
From March through June 2015, Butler appeared Off-Broadway at New World Stages in Clinton: The Musical, a satirical look at the years of Bill Clinton's presidency. She played Hillary Clinton and received good reviews for her role.
In April 2015, Butler lent her vocal talents to the animated children's program Wallykazam!, voicing the character of Nancy the Noodle.
In October 2015, Butler made her solo debut at Feinstein's/54 Below with Seth Rudetsky on piano, performing hits from her career as well as telling behind-the-scenes stories.
In November 2015, Butler appeared on The Mindy Project as Jody's sister-in-law (and sometime mistress) Ann Marie.
Butler appears in the Netflix television mini-series Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life, which was released in November 2016. She plays Claudia, therapist to Lorelai and Emily Gilmore.


=== Disaster!, Mean Girls ===
From February to May 2016, Butler appeared on Broadway in Disaster!, by Seth Rudetsky and Jack Plotnick, a parody of 1970s disaster movies featuring hit songs from that decade. She played Marianne, a career-oriented reporter who, while investigating the story of a poorly constructed casino ship, runs into an unexpected person from her past. The reviews for the show were generally favorable, especially from The New York Times, which listed the show as a Critic's Pick. However, due to poor ticket sales, the show closed on May 8, 2016.From October to December 2017, Butler appeared in the Broadway-bound musical adaptation of Mean Girls, by Tina Fey, Jeff Richmond, and Nell Benjamin. The show had an out-of-town tryout at the National Theatre in Washington, D.C. Butler played the roles of Ms. Norbury (played by Tina Fey in the film), Mrs. Heron, and Mrs. George.From March to September 2018, Butler played the roles of Ms. Norbury, Mrs. Heron, and Mrs. George in Mean Girls on Broadway. Butler played her final performance on September 9 and was replaced by Jennifer Simard.Reviews took note of her standout performance in the three very different roles. The Hollywood Reporter noted her role as "...stand-in from the movie, sardonic math teacher Ms. Norbury, played here by Kerry Butler, acing triple-duty with distinctive takes also on Cady's earnest mother and Regina's self-described 'cool mom'". Variety wrote, in reviewing the Washington, D.C., production: "Kerry Butler offers delightful turns as the teacher, Mrs. Norbury, precisely mimicking Fey's role in the film, along with a hysterical portrayal of Regina's developmentally arrested mother (Amy Poehler in the film). The latter includes a delicious parody of 'Saturday Night Live's' iconic skit, 'The Californians.'"


=== Beetlejuice ===
From October to November 2018, Butler appeared in the world premiere of the musical Beetlejuice at the National Theatre in Washington, D.C., in the role of Barbara Maitland. Barbara is a woman of simple pleasures and, along with her husband, Adam, also a recently deceased ghost who finds herself haunting her own house, newly occupied by the living Deetz family, as well as contending with the trickster ghost Beetlejuice.
Butler reprised the role of Barbara Maitland in the Broadway production of the show from March 2019 until its closing in March 2020.


== Personal life ==
Butler continues to perform in various workshops, readings, and benefit concerts. She is a vegetarian and activist whose concerns include youth mentoring, human rights violations, genocide, and environmental issues.Butler is married to childhood friend Muppet writer and puppeteer Joey Mazzarino, and they have two daughters, whom they adopted from Ethiopia. Their older daughter, Segi, is the inspiration for the Sesame Street song I Love My Hair. Their second daughter's name is Sumaya.


== Credits ==


=== Theatre ===


=== Film ===


=== Television ===


=== Video Games ===


==== Demos, readings, concerts, and workshops ====
A Very Brady Musical
Broadway Vacation
Seeing Red
Beetlejuice
The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas
Hazel
Clinton: The Musical
Big
Ragtime
Cinderella
Through the Door
Romy and Michele's High School Reunion
The Dogs of Pripyat
The Green Heart
Hollywood Lies
The Nutty Professor
The Front
Catch Me If You Can
Baby
Xanadu
One Step Forward
In Your Dreams
The Little Mermaid
Pandora's Box
The Man in the White Suit
Legally Blonde: The Musical
The Wedding Singer
Easter Rising
Robber Bridegroom
Piece
Taboo
Bright Lights, Big City
Le Passe Muraille (later named Amour)


=== Cast recordings ===
Beetlejuice - Original Broadway Cast, 2019
Mean Girls: The Musical - Original Broadway Cast, 2018
Disaster! - Original Broadway Cast, 2016
Clinton: The Musical - Original Off-Broadway Cast, 2015
Catch Me If You Can - Original Broadway Cast, 2011
Dear Edwina - World Premiere Cast, 2008
Xanadu - Original Broadway Cast, 2007
Anna Karenina - The Broadway Musical, 2007
Little Shop of Horrors - New Broadway Cast, 2004
Hairspray - Original Broadway Cast, 2003
Prodigal - Original Off-Broadway Cast, 2003
Bat Boy - Original Off-Broadway Cast, 2001


=== Solo album ===
Faith, Trust & Pixie Dust - Released on May 13, 2008Track Listing:

"This Only Happens in the Movies"
"When You Wish Upon a Star"
"I'll Try"
"Call Me a Princess"
"Colors of the Wind"
"It's a Small World"/"God Help the Outcasts"
"Baby Mine"
"Minnie's Yoo Hoo"
"Second Star to the Right"
"The Bare Necessities"
"When She Loved Me"
"Disneyland"


=== Other recordings ===
Featured on Out of Our Heads: The Music of Kooman and Dimond - "I Think That He Likes Me", 2011
Featured on Ballroom Remixed - "Bad at Being Good", 2011
Featured on Carols for a Cure: Volume 9 - "Away in a Manger", 2007
Featured on The Broadway Musicals of 1945 - "Here I Go Again", duet with Eddie Korbich; "It Doesn't Cost Anything to Dream"; "Slightly Perfect", duet with Scott Ailing; "What's the Use of Wond'rin", duet with Marc Kudisch, 2007
Featured on Guy Haines' New Guy in Town - "Sure Thing", duet with Guy Haines, 2005
Featured on NEO: New, Emerging, Outstanding - "Any Day", duet with Laura Bell Bundy and "Inside Your Heart", duet with Deven May, 2005
Featured on Jamie deRoy & Friends: Volume 6: When I Grow Up - "Some Shoes Are Harder Than Others to Fill", 2005
Featured on Jamie deRoy & Friends: Volume 5: Animal Tracks - "Lion Tamer", 2003
Featured on Jamie deRoy & Friends: Volume 4: Family - "The Portrait", 2002
Featured on Sleep Well Tonight: Lullabies for Little Dreamers - "Sleep Safe Tonight"; "Hush Little Baby"; "All The World Is Sleeping"; "Lambs Are Sleeping", duet with Kaitlin Hopkins; Meet Me On The Other Side; Moon Sun, 2002


== Awards and nominations ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Kerry Butler's Official Website
Kerry Butler | PlaybillVault.com
Kerry Butler at IMDb
Kerry Butler at the Internet Broadway Database
<|endoftext|>
The Reverdin needle is a surgical instrument designed to pass through a surgical suture and is named after the Swiss surgeon Jacques-Louis Reverdin. Over time, several modifications have been made to the needle and its name.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Westernach is a river in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is created at the confluence of the rivers Rottum and Dürnach near Laupheim. It flows into the Danube near Erbach an der Donau.


== See also ==
List of rivers of Baden-Württemberg


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Sangmu Baseball Stadium is a name of two baseball stadiums in South Korea, both used by the KBO Futures League team Sangmu Phoenix. The stadiums are operated by the Korea Armed Forces Athletic Corps.


== Seongnam Sangmu Baseball Stadium ==
Seongnam Sangmu Baseball Stadium is located in Seongnam, Gyeonggi Province and was built in 1990. The venue was used by the Sangmu Phoenix until 2012.


== Mungyeong Sangmu Baseball Stadium ==
Mungyeong Sangmu Baseball Stadium is located in Mungyeong, North Gyeongsang Province and was built in 2013. It is the home ground of the Sangmu Phoenix since 2013.
<|endoftext|>
Events in 1952 in animation.


== Events ==


=== January ===
January 1: Norm McLaren releases Voisins (Neighbours). 


=== February ===
February 5: Chuck Jones' Feed the Kitty premiers, produced by Warner Bros. Animation . 
February 8: Jack Hannah's Lambert the Sheepish Lion, produced by the Walt Disney Company, is released. 
February 9: Tex Avery's Magical Maestro premiers, produced by MGM, starring Spike. 


=== March ===
March 15: Hanna-Barbera's  Tom & Jerry cartoon The Two Mouseketeers is first released, produced by MGM. This is the first of several shorts in which the characters appear as musketeers. 
March 20: 24th Academy Awards: The Tom and Jerry cartoon The Two Mouseketeers, produced by MGM, wins the Academy Award for Best Animated Short. 


=== September ===
September 20: Chuck Jones' Rabbit Seasoning is released, produced by Warner Bros. Animation, the second hunting season cartoon starring Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck and Elmer Fudd. 


=== October ===
October 10: Jack Hannah's Donald Duck cartoon Trick or Treat premiers, produced by the Walt Disney Company. It features the debut of Witch Hazel, who would become a recurring character in Disney comics. 
October 31: Jack Kinney's Goofy cartoon Two Weeks Vacation, produced by the Walt Disney Company, premiers. 


=== November ===
November 15: Bob McKimson's Bugs Bunny short Rabbit's Kin premiers, produced by Warner Bros. Animation, which marks the debut of Pete Puma. 


=== Specific date unknown ===
Lev Atamanov's film The Scarlet Flower is first released. 
Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Aleksandra Snezhko-Blotskaya's The Snow Maiden is first released. 
Colin Low's The Romance of Transportation in Canada is first released. 
Norman McLaren's Neighbours premiers. 


== Films released ==


== Television series ==


== Births ==
April 16: Billy West, American voice actor (Stimpy in The Ren & Stimpy Show, Doug Funnie and Roger Klotz on Doug, Philip J. Fry and Professor Farnsworth on Futurama)) 


== Deaths ==


=== March ===
March 1: Gregory La Cava, American animator and film director (Raoul Barré, International Film Service), dies at age 59.
March 25: Egon von Tresckow, aka Tres, German animator, illustrator, comics artist and caricaturist (worked for UFA and the films of Hans Fischerkoesen), dies at age 45. 


=== June ===
June 25: Fred Brunish, American painter and animator (Walter Lantz), dies at age 49 or 50. 


=== November ===
November 23: Fred Moore, American animator (Walt Disney Company), passes away in a traffic accident  at age 41.


== References ==


== See also ==
List of anime by release date (1946–1959)


== External links ==
Animated works of the year, listed in the IMDb
<|endoftext|>
The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris, first published in the United Kingdom in May 1934 by Hodder and Stoughton and the United States by The Crime Club. The book was republished under two additional titles: The Saint in England and, as of 1952, The Saint in London (not to be confused with The Saint in London, a 1939 RKO film based upon a story in an earlier Saint volume, The Holy Terror).
This was the 12th volume of stories featuring the Robin Hood-inspired character, Simon Templar, alias The Saint. The original title of the book, however, refers to the character of Claud Eustace Teal, an inspector with Scotland Yard and a recurring adversary of Templar's.


== Stories ==
The book consisted of the following stories:

The Simon Templar Foundation: The Saint finds himself in possession of a black book (a legacy from his one-time enemy, Rayt Marius—see Knight Templar). The book contains secrets related to war profiteering by several prominent Englishmen; Templar plans to create a one-million-pound foundation to aid the victims of war by blackmailing the men featured in Marius' book. This story introduces Hoppy Uniatz, a small-time American hoodlum who becomes a long-serving ally of The Saint over the coming decades. This story takes place an unspecified time after the previous Saint books Once More the Saint and The Brighter Buccaneer; Templar is said to be 32 years old (thereby placing this story some three years after Knight Templar) and he has apparently been away from Britain for quite some time, during which he had a series of unchronicled adventures until his travels were cut short by his receipt of the black book.
The Higher Finance: Templar impersonates a forger in order to stop the richest man in Europe from generating a cache of fake bond certificates, but soon finds himself in the midst of a bizarre case of impersonation and accidental death. This story reintroduces Orace, Templar's former butler, after an absence of several years.
The Art of Alibi: The Saint has to clear his name after his signature calling card (a drawing of a stick figure with a halo) is left at the scene of a murder and the theft of an aeroplane. At the heart of the case is a madman who really believes he is The Saint, and plans to liberate 10 tons worth of gold bullion from a government aircraft. Templar's plans to clear his name are complicated when Hoppy punches out a policeman and Teal finds himself with a case that might finally put Templar behind bars. It is stated that five years have passed since Templar's first dealings with Inspector Teal, which coincides with the first stories featuring Teal that appeared in 1929.Some later editions include a Foreword by Charteris apologising for the "dated" nature of the stories.


== Publication history ==
The three novellas had previously been published in Thriller magazine under different titles:

"The Simon Templar Foundation" - 10 February 1934 (as "The Book of Fate")
"The Higher Finance" - 24 February 1934 (as "On the Night of the 13th!")
"The Art of Alibi" - 24 March 1934 (as "After the Murder")


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Chandrashekhar Agashe (Marathi: चंद्रशेखर आगाशे; IAST: Candraśekhara Āgāśe; 14 February 1888 — 9 June 1956) was an Indian industrialist and lawyer, best remembered as the founder of the Brihan Maharashtra Sugar Syndicate Ltd. He served as the managing director of the company from its inception in 1934 till his death in 1956. He served as the President of the Bhor State Council from 1932 to 1934.
Today, the Chandrashekhar Agashe College of Physical Education in Pune, the CGA – BMTRC in the Brihan Maharashtra College of Commerce, and the Chandrashekhar Agashe High School in Shreepur are named after him. He is also the namesake of the Chandrashekhar Agashe Museum wing in the Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum and the Chandrashekhar Agashe Road in Shaniwar Peth, Pune. He also became the namesake of the Agashe pattern, a means of equity crowdfunding, among businesses and press in Maharashtra between 1934 and 1956.


== Biography ==


=== Early life and family: 1888–1914 ===
Agashe was born on 14 February 1888 at the Velhe Mahal in the town of Bhor, at the time part of the Bhor State in present-day Maharashtra. He was the eldest of four children to Govind Agashe II and Radhabai Agashe (née Bhimabai Bapat). His family was Chitpavan Brahmin, and was established since the 1590s as the Agashe gharana of the village of Mangdari in the Bhor State. The family was traditionally occupied as the savkars (money lenders/bankers) and pseudo-hereditary chief justiciars under the Pantsachiv Kings of the Kingdom, and thus owned majority of the land in the village as vassals to the Pantsachiv rulers, where they continued the traditional family businesses of money lending and tenanted farming. Agashe's father, when serving as the chief justiciar, was the only Brahmin savkar at the royal court of Bhor at the time of his birth.

Agashe's maternal family were members of the Bapat gharana of Kalyan, having settled a branch of the original family in Junnar in 1698, traditionally occupied as the chieftains of the town. His mother was the fourth daughter of Junnar's hereditary mamledar, Ramchandra Bapat V (b.1828, at Kamshet), who worked as a case historian and published several historical cartographs of old Pune after he was appointed the Karbhari of Tulsi Baug by the Sardar Khire (Tulsibaugwale) family in Pune.After his father's death in 1899, Agashe was meant to inherit the ancestral estate at age 11; but due to his youth, his paternal relatives unlawfully seized the lands, and ousted Agashe's mother and her children from the family home. She relocated the family to her parents' residence in Shaniwar Peth, Pune in 1900. The loss of the family's estate, made Agashe accept secretarial work at the Indian Post Office to support himself and his siblings through school. Later, he was left the Omkareshwar Mandir in Shaniwar Peth in the former owner's will. Agashe attended the Nutan Marathi Vidyalaya, matriculating in 1905 at the age of 17, and later graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Fergusson College in 1914, at the age of 26.In 1914, Agashe married Dwarka Gokhale, the eldest daughter of Narayan Gokhale VI from the Gokhale gharana of Dharwad. Her family had served as the hereditary royal saraf (jewellers) to the Peshwa Bhat family since the 18th century. She was a great niece of Bapu Gokhale, a general under Peshwa Baji Rao II of the 
Maratha Empire. She adopted the name Indirabai Agashe after marriage, and the couple had a total of eleven children (including sons Jagdish "Panditrao" Agashe and Dnyaneshwar Agashe, and daughter Shakuntala Karandikar), from which nine survived to adulthood.


=== Career as an Educator, Lawyer and the Bhor State Council: 1914–1934 ===
From 1914 to 1917, Agashe taught mathematics at the Nutan Marathi Vidyalaya in Pune, after which he was occupied as a visiting professor at a convent school in Karachi. From 1917 to 1926, Agashe worked as an educator in Mumbai, while he pursued the study of law, graduating with an L.L.B from the Government Law College, Mumbai in 1919. He began practicing his advocacy in Pune and was a lawmaking advisor to the Bhor State government.Between 1920 and 1932, he was also appointed the Chief Justiciar at the royal court of Shankarrao Chimnajirao, 10th Raja of Bhor (r. 1871 – 1922), continuing to serve under his successor Raghunathrao II Shankarrao, 11th Raja of Bhor (r. 1922 – 1948). Agashe encountered political unrest between the commoners and the gentry at the Pantsachiv's court resulting in violent rioting from the common-folk of the Bhor State. Agashe co-wrote an opinion piece against this political factionalism with Narasimha Chintaman Kelkar in the newspaper Kesari. With the permission of the king, he soon established a Lokpaksh for carrying out fair trial at the royal court to resolve conflicts.The discouraging response to the Lokpaksh from the Pantsachiv's subjects led Agashe to consider retiring from law in the late 1920s. Upon attending a speech by Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Agashe and his family began practicing the principles of the Swadeshi movement and started considering entrepreneurial ventures as a means to participate in the Indian independence movement in Maharashtra. Agashe supported several Indian freedom fighters, including Lokmanya Tilak and Vinayak Damodar Savarkar, but never considered entering politics himself; his younger brother, Narayan Agashe III actively participated in politics surrounding the Indian independence movement, serving prison time for rioting against the British Raj in the early 1930s, before aiding his elder brother in his business venture.

In 1932, Agashe was appointed as the Secretary of the Bhor State Council, and in under a year, he was elected to the post of the President of the Council, which he maintained till 1934. As president, he provided financial encouragement and legal counsel to small and new business owners in Maharashtra. During his presidency, Agashe used his legal acumen to seize back the family's lost estates in Mangdari from his paternal relations.


=== The Brihan Maharashtra Sugar Syndicate Ltd.: 1934–1956 ===

Earlier in 1933, the Governor of Bombay, The Lord Brabourne promoted the production of indigenous sugar, having had increased the import tax on the commodity shipping in from Mauritius. This enabled Agashe to found the Brihan Maharashtra Sugar Syndicate Ltd. on 21 September 1934, as a limited liability company after two years of crowd-funding campaigns, with funds collected from amongst the Maharashtrian middle classes. Prior to the syndicate's establishment, Agashe had aided Atmaram Raoji Bhat in the establishment of the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce in March 1934; and further guided the Chamber to pass legislation along with the Government of Mumbai for mandatory government aid for all Maharashtrian factory based businesses.Between 1934 and 1936, Agashe envisioned opening a factory branch of the Syndicate in his hometown of Bhor, and began cultivating 2,000 acres of land for the plantation of sugar cane. Plans for the factory were shot down after Agashe met with strong opposition from the local landed gentry. In 1935, he began employing tenanted farmers of the local gentry and independent farmers as producers or transportation workers of the sugar cane for the syndicate in the village of Bhorgaon. By 1936, he had licensed or purchased 12,000 acres of farm land to support the syndicate, being lauded for reviving the local economy and consequently receiving further land grants from bankers in Akluj and several politicians in the Bhor State. During this period, with Agashe being a brahmin, the syndicate received opposition and resentment from local Maratha politicians.After Agashe established the syndicate's headquarters at the Commonwealth Building on Laxmi Road, the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce declared the sale of 300,000 shares of the syndicate, with the first share going at Rs. 25 in January 1935. Between 1935 and 1937, Agashe toured several states and jagirs within the Deccan States Agency, promoting the syndicate at several village gram panchayats. Upon going public, Agashe was supported by the Kesari newspaper with public relations and received financial encouragement from the newly established Bank of Maharashtra. Agashe's mode of operation and rallying for investment or sales of shares, was popularly regarded as the Agashe pattern among Pune businesses and press. This business  modus operandi involved the collection of risk capital in the form of equity, instead of debentures. Agashe became associated with this procedure after becoming one of the first few businesses in Maharashtra to successfully raise funds with this method. In November 1937, Agashe ordered sugar cane processing machinery from Škoda Works in Czechoslovakia before the outbreak of World War II. Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power and the German occupation of Czechoslovakia, Agashe considered retracting his order, but received the ordered machinery before the Reichswerke Hermann Göring took over Škoda.He began construction for the first factory in April 1938, and finally established the syndicate's first sugar cane processing factory in the village of Bhorgaon in March 1939, further purchasing an estate and the surrounding lands as a means to look after his own sugar plantations, with the syndicate's principal factory soon producing 150,000 sacs of sugar per annum by 1940. Selling the sugar under the trademark Shree, the village panchayat of Bhorgaon changed the village's official name to Shreepur. At this time, Agashe continued to practice law from the Joshi Wada in Sadashiv Peth, Pune alongside his brother's practice of business consultation.In 1943, the Bombay Presidency decreed the plantation of food crops as mandatory for private sugar manufacturers in order to support British troops during World War II. Agashe founded the Laxmi Narayan Farmers' Union so as to meet the demand for food crops from the British Raj without disrupting the sugar cane processing; this move was not popular with many of Agashe's employed farmers because of low profitability. After Indian independence in 1947, Agashe was able to expand the syndicate's production to 1000 tonnes of sugar cane processed per annum by 1950. After Gandhi's assassination by Nathuram Godse in 1948, Agashe nor the syndicate were victimized or vandalized in the immediate aftermath of riots against Brahmin houses and businesses.By 1953, there was strong opposition to Agashe's role as the managing director of the syndicate from his critics. This was backlash from several scandals and court cases involving Agashe or the syndicate in allegations of duping shareholders and depositors in the early 1950s. Agashe responded to these scandals by writing all of the press releases of the syndicate himself in the newspaper Kesari, which gained him notoriety among the newspaper's predominantly Marathi readership for their humor or references to pop culture of the time. He further published a 400-page report criticizing his retractors of corruption and factionalism based on evidence that his critics were backed by his competitor Karamshi Jethabhai Somaiya, who had previously shown interest in purchasing the syndicate.

On 9 June 1956, while on a spiritual retreat in Jogeshwari, Agashe began showing symptoms of myocardial infarction and was recommended by his doctor to return home. He died that same day, from a heart attack upon reaching his residence in Shaniwar Peth, Pune.


== Philanthropy ==
Agashe's most notable philanthropic donation came in the form of the foundation of the Brihan Maharashtra College of Commerce in November 1944, after he donated capital towards the infrastructure of the college to the Deccan Education Society. In honor of his donation, the Society named the commerce college after Agashe's sugar syndicate. His donation was further used by the society in development of their Willingdon College, Ahilyadevi High School, Navin Marathi School and the Ranade Baalak Mandir. He also donated to the Brihan Maharashtra Bhuvan in New Delhi. Agashe's philanthropy was heavily criticized by his competition, who viewed it as self-fulfilling.Agashe began constructing the Agashe Primary School in the village of Shreepur in April 1942, with the school receiving sanctions from the Government in July 1943. He further donated to the campaign of Indian freedom fighter Narhar Vishnu Gadgil. He also donated to the Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute towards their research work on the Mahabharata. He also established the Brihan Maharashtra Bhavan in New Delhi for the growing Marathi diaspora in the capital.


== Legacy ==

Agashe died of a Myocardial infarction at the age of 68 on 9 June 1956 at his residence in Shaniwar Peth, Pune. He was survived by his wife Indirabai Agashe, until her death in 1981. He was survived in business by his sons Panditrao Agashe and Dnyaneshwar Agashe. He is remembered as one of the influential people from Pune in the 20th century.In July 1977, the founder of the Mahrashtriya Mandal of Pune, Shivarampant Damle, established the Chandrashekhar Agashe College of Physical Education in Gultekdi, Pune, honoring Agashe posthumously. Agashe was further honored when the Pune Municipal Corporation renamed the street in Shaniwar Peth, Pune where his family had maintained a traditional brahmin Wada upon relocating to Pune, as the Chandrashekhar Agashe Road.In 1993/94, the Brihan Maharashtra College of Commerce celebrated its golden jubilee by commissioning the Chandrashekhar Govind Agashe Business Motivation, Training and Research Centre (CGA – BMTRC) in his honor, which was inaugurated in August 1998.Agashe's son Dnyaneshwar Agashe began work on the Chandrashekhar Agashe High School in the village of Shreepur in 1955, and donated his family collection of ancient Indian musical instruments to the Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum. The exhibit was titled the Chandrashekhar Agashe Museum wing, honoring the kinship of Agashe's widow and the founder of the museum, Dr. Dinkar G. Kelkar, with them being fourth cousins.In 1992, Agashe was the subject of a biography written by his second-eldest daughter Shakuntala Karandikar. In 1997, Agashe became the name sake of his great-grand son Chandrashekhar Agashe II.


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Barve, Ramesh; Vartak, Taraprakash; Belvalkar, Sharchandra, eds. (2002). Putra Viśvastācā : Gaurava Grantha [The Son of the Trusted One : A Festschrift] (in Marathi) (1st ed.). Pune: Dnyaneshwar Agashe Gaurava Samitī. ISBN 978-1-5323-4594-4. LCCN 2017322865. OCLC 992168227.CS1 maint: ignored ISBN errors (link)
Karandikar, Shakuntala (1992). Viśvasta [The Trusted One] (in Marathi) (1st ed.). Pune: Śrī Prakāśana (published July 1992). ISBN 9781532345012. LCCN 2017322865. OCLC 992168228.CS1 maint: ignored ISBN errors (link)
Rānaḍe, Sadāśiva Bhāskara (1974). Cittapāvana Kauśika Gotrī Āgāśe-Kula-vr̥ttānta [The Agashe Family Genealogy belonging to the Chitpavan Kaushik Gotra] (in Marathi) (1st ed.). Pune: University of Michigan. LCCN 74903020. OCLC 600048059.
Agashe, Trupti; Agashe, Gopal (2006). "Mangdari Gharana" [The House of Mangdari].  In Wad, Mugdha (ed.). Agashe Kulvrutant [The Agashe Family Genealogy] (in Marathi) (2nd ed.). Hyderabad: Surbhi Graphics. ISBN 978-1-5323-4500-5.
Pathak, Gangadhar (1978). Gokhale kulavr̥ttānta [The Gokhale Family Genealogy] (in Marathi) (2nd ed.). Pune: Gokhale Kulavr̥ttānta Kāryakārī Maṇdaḷa. LCCN 81902590.
Bapat, Seema; Bapat, Sadanand (2007). "Naringre, Kalyan, Junnar Gharana" [The House of Naringre, Kalyan & Junnar]. Bapat Kulavruttant [The Bapat Family Genealogy] (in Marathi) (3rd ed.). Pune.


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
Women in the Garden (French: Femmes au jardin) is an oil painting begun in 1866 by French artist Claude Monet when he was 26. It is a large work painted en plein air; the size of the canvas necessitated Monet painting its upper half with the canvas lowered into a trench he had dug, so that he could maintain a single point of view for the entire work. The setting is the garden of a property he was renting. His companion and future wife Camille Doncieux posed for the figures. Monet finished the work indoors, and used magazine illustrations to render fashionable clothing.
Monet at this time was early in his career, experimenting with method and subject matter. His earlier paintings were successful at Paris Salons, but Women in the Garden was rejected in 1867 on the grounds of subject and narrative weakness. The Salon was also troubled by Monet's heavy brushstrokes, a style which would, of course, become one of the hallmarks of Impressionism. A judge commented, "Too many young people think of nothing but continuing in this abominable direction. It is high time to protect them and save art!"  The painting was purchased by fellow artist Frédéric Bazille to help support Monet at a time when he had no money.Although the Musée d'Orsay, the painting's owner, comments that "Monet has skilfully rendered the white of the dresses, anchoring them firmly in the structure of the composition", Christoph Heinrich, author of a Monet biography, notes how posterity has found the painting lacking. In this view, the figures appear poorly integrated into the scene, with the woman at right "gliding across the ground as if she had a trolley concealed beneath her dress". The painting's treatment of light and shadow is lauded, however, and in this respect the work may have shown Monet where his artistic path lay.


== References ==


== External links ==
Impressionism: a centenary exhibition, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on this painting (p. 135-139)
<|endoftext|>
The Fists of Time: An Anthology of Short Fiction and Non-Fiction is an extended play by hardcore punk band As Friends Rust.
When As Friends Rust signed with Doghouse Records in 1999 they were planning to re-release all of the material for the United States. With a vengeance, Doghouse re-released all the material from 1996-1998 from the Good Life era (The Fists of Time and Split), and stated in the album booklet that the priors were messy releases. This version features a more descriptive booklet, as well as a picture of the band at the time the album came out.


== Track listing ==
"The First Song on the Tape you Make Her" (2:59)
"Home Is Where The Heart Aches" (2:30)
"Encante" (3:52)
"Ruffian" (3:06)
"When People Resort to Name Calling" (3:38)
"Broken Brain" (2:19)
"Operation" (1:40)


== Trivia ==
Track 7 is a Circle Jerks cover from their Group Sex album.
<|endoftext|>
Just Maduveli or Just Maduveli: A journey of love (2015) is a Kannada-language film directed by Kolar Seena and produced by Universal Hatrick Combines. Seeun also wrote the screenplay of the movie.


== Cast ==
Harish Kumar
Deepa Gowda
Gayathri Gowda
Bullet Prakash
Bank Janardhan


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Turkish Pharmacists Association (Türk Eczacıları Birliği) is a professional association established in 1956 in Istanbul. It is a statutory body and a public institution.  Its headquarters moved from Istanbul to Ankara in 1984.  It serves about 30,000 pharmacists with 54 Pharmacists Rooms in the provinces of Turkey.The Turkish Competition Board investigated the association and fined it TL 18,062,307 in 2017 for abusing its dominant position in the market contrary to Law No. 4054 on the Protection of Competition.Erdoğan Çolak is the chairman of the association.  During the Turkish currency and debt crisis, 2018 he reported on the difficulties in securing supplies of medication.It is the main supplier of orphan drugs, on a named patient basis.The association had a legal monopoly on the importation of medication into Turkey until 2013 when the Turkish Medicines and Medical Devices Agency permitted some pharmacies to import independently, although the Association successfully contested this decision.  Under Law No. 7151 on Amendment of Certain Laws and Decree Laws related to Healthcare, published in December 2018 the Social Security Institution and state institutions and organisations approved by the Ministry of Health (Turkey) can import medicine.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Elections to Wigan Council were held on 4 May 2006. One-third of the council was up for election and the Labour party kept overall control of the council. Overall turnout was 29.2%.


== Election result ==
This result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the Council after the elections:


== Ward results ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Fuccons (), known as Oh! Mikey (オー！マイキー, Ō! Maikī) in Japan, is a Japanese sketch comedy series created by Yoshimasa Ishibashi. It features the Fuccons, a family of American expatriates living in Japan, with characters played by mannequins filmed at various locations in real-time.
The Fuccons first aired as recurring sketches titled The Fuccon Family (フーコン・ファミリー, Fūkon Famirī) on the Japanese sketch comedy series Vermilion Pleasure Night in 2000, which was also produced by Ishibashi. In January 2002, the series moved to its own late-night time slot and was broadcast until 2005 for a total of eight seasons. Throughout its broadcast, a 2003 film titled Wah! Mikey Returns was released in theaters. Following its release, four more series and the 2007 theatrical film Oh! Mikey Fever was released direct-to-video.
Both The Fuccon Family and The Fuccons were screened at various film festivals overseas, where news of the series was spread on the Internet through word-of-mouth, gaining a cult following. ADV Films licensed the first four seasons for North American distribution with an English dub, which was later broadcast on Anime Network and G4 as part of G4's Late Night Peepshow.


== Overview ==
The Fuccons is centered on Mikey Fuccon, an American expatriate who has moved to Japan after his father's job transfer. All the characters are depicted as mannequins filmed in various locations in real-time, while dressed up in post-World War II fashion. The mannequins' movements are minimal, limiting movement to uncomplicated actions, and their poses change off-camera. Voice acting and camera angles are used to convey the story.The episodes feature non sequitur dialogue and occasionally include surreal humor, with every episode ending with all characters laughing. The characters usually face conflict in bizarre, outlandish situations in non-continuous storylines. The original Fuccon Family sketches on Vermilion Pleasure Night were described as James and Barbara constantly arguing and threatening to kill each other with "giant smiles" on their faces, while bonding over sex and tormenting Mikey. Mikey encounters problems of his own such as being neglected by his parents, being kidnapped, or being possessed by a demon, to varying degrees of absurdity. Each episode is approximately 3 minutes.


== Characters ==


=== Main characters ===
Michael "Mikey" Fuccon
Voiced by: Chika (child), Yoshimasa Ishibashi (adult), (Japanese); Andrea Kwan (BIFF), Kira Vincent-Davis (ADV Films) (English)
Mikey is a 3rd-grade elementary school student with an innocent and naive personality. He is 8 years old. He attends an international school in Japan, and while he enjoys soccer, he cannot swim. Mikey often ends up in bizarre situations, to where he is mostly portrayed as a comedic victim to various plots in the show, in part due to his gullible nature. He has a cheerful personality, which makes him popular with his friends.
James Fuccon
Voiced by: Hitoshi Tatano (Japanese); Michael Szuc (BIFF), Rob Mungle (ADV Films) (English)
James is Mikey's father and a salaryman whose job transfer to Tokyo caused the family to relocate. He is 40 years old. James is very supportive of Mikey but often suggests outlandish ideas for the family, and he has taken a 50-year loan on his house. He has a cheerful, carefree personality and laughs to evade situations. While James is happily married to Barbara, he is not above having extramarital affairs, one notably being with a Japanese secretary. In the original Fuccon Family sketches, James often argues with Barbara but bonds with her over sex and neglecting Mikey.
Barbara Fuccon
Voiced by: Urara Omote (Japanese); Jessica Caplan (BIFF), Christine M. Auten (ADV Films) (English)
Barbara is Mikey's mother. She is 34 or 36 years old. Most of her dialogue consists of her bossing Mikey around, though she is more practical than James. She believes the world is centered on her and laughs to evade situations. While Barbara is happily married to James, she is not above having extramarital affairs and has done so twice. In the original Fuccon Family sketches, Barbara often argues with James but bonds with him over sex and neglecting Mikey.


=== Recurring characters ===
Laura
Voiced by: Yuki Nakaya (Japanese); Luci Christian (ADV Films) (English)
Laura is Mikey's manipulative cousin from the United States who is approaching her "rebellious period." She is never pleased with the events around her and often amuses herself at someone's expense to sate her own boredom, She often plays pranks on Mikey, but she later realizes she is in love with him and refuses to leave Japan in order to stay by his side. Whenever she is upset with him, she often threatens to return to the United States. Despite only being 12 years old, Laura speaks maturely and is also up-to-date on new cafes opening. Her mother is James' sister, Mary.
Emily
Voiced by: Motomi Ishiyama (Japanese); Cynthia Martinez (ADV Films) (English)
Emily is Mikey's girlfriend. She has a strong sense of justice and is the most popular girl in Mikey's class. Emily is also the class president and is known to be the prettiest girl in his class. While Emily is friendly to Mikey, their relationship is always disrupted. She also manipulates Mikey out of her own selfishness at times, just to test his feelings for her. She is 8 years old.
Tony and Charles
Voiced by: Tomomi Tada (Japanese); Shannon Emerick (ADV Films) (English)
Tony and Charles are British identical twin brothers and Mikey's classmates. At 8 years old, Tony is the older twin, while Charles is the younger twin. Tony and Charles repeat each other's words, until one of them contradicts the other, which results in an argument between them. Tony and Charles' mother, Elena, has a twin sister named Helena, and they also communicate in the same ways as Tony and Charles.
Teacher Bob
Voiced by: Hitoshi Tatano (Japanese); Jay Hickman (ADV Films) (English)
Teacher Bob is Mikey's 28-year-old homeroom teacher, who is so shy he often communicates by whispering in his mother's ears and having her interpret for him. Because of his close relationship with his mother, he is a mama's boy. Teacher Bob enjoys Chinese noodles and is unwilling to compromise on them.
Bob-Mama
Voiced by: Urara Omote (Japanese); Laura Chapman (ADV Films) (English)
Bob-Mama is Teacher Bob's mother, who always accompanies him to interpret his speech, even when she is having a conversation with him.
Brown
Voiced by: Kazuaki Oda (Japanese); Robert Anderson (ADV Films) (English)
Brown is Emily's older brother and is 15 years old, who plans on becoming a film director when he gets older. Because of his close relationship with Emily, he often participates in her schemes to manipulate Mikey.
Tracy
Voiced by: Mari Yanagimori (Japanese); Jessica Caplan (BIFF), Kate Revnel Smith (ADV Films) (English)
Tracy (also spelled "Tracey" in ADV Films' releases) is Mikey's 25-year-old private tutor, who is sexually attractive and draws attention from others with her appearance. Her dialogue is suggestive and seductive. Throughout the series, Tracy gives Mikey life lessons in love.
Satoru Kawakita (川北 覚, Kawakita Satoru)
Voiced by: Chika (Japanese); Tiffany Grant (ADV Films) (English)
Satoru is an 8-year-old boy from Kyoto whose family relocated to Mikey's town. His family is poor, and while they cannot afford the toys he wants, he has a forward and honest personality. His parents are often neglectful of him, and his family holds nihilistic views.
Mamoru Kawakita (川北 守, Kawakita Mamoru)
Voiced by: Hitoshi Tatano (Japanese); Chris Patton (ADV Films) (English)
Mamoru is Satoru's 40-year-old father. Mamoru is a skilled chef, but he is currently unemployed because he is addicted to alcohol.
Nobuyo Kawakita (川北 信代, Kawakita Nobuyo)
Voiced by: Urara Omote (Japanese); Monica Rial (ADV Films) (English)
Nobuyo is Satoru's 34-year-old mother. Prior to marriage, she worked at an izakaya as a signboard girl to attract customers. Because the Kawakitas are poor, she tries to manage their budget.


=== Minor characters ===
Christina
Voiced by: Unknown (Japanese); Kelly Manison (ADV Films) (English)
Christina is a 40-year-old woman who attended Virginia High School in South Carolina with James. Both of them have known each other since they were children and consider each other their childhood sweethearts. She is Emily's mother.
The Blueberry King
Voiced by: Keishiro Tamura (Japanese); Chris Patton (ADV Films) (English)
The Blueberry King is the reigning sovereign of the Blueberry Kingdom, a wealthy country that produces oil and has a gold mountain range. He offers to betroth Mikey to his daughter, Isabella, and make him the prince of the Blueberry Kingdom for helping him.
Isabella
Voiced by: Mitsuki Mori (Japanese); Nancy Novotny (ADV Films) (English)
Isabella is the princess of the Blueberry Kingdom and the Blueberry King's daughter, who is featured in a story arc in which Mikey becomes engaged to marry her. She later breaks off their engagement under the impression Mikey is cheating on her.
Time Boy (タイム君, Taimu-kun)
Voiced by: Urara Omote (Japanese); Mark X. Laskowski (ADV Films) (English)
Time Boy is a transfer student in Mikey's class who is obsessed with following a schedule. His father runs a clock shop and his mother was a former timekeeper.
Why (ナンデ君, Nande-kun)
Voiced by: Yukiko Kurimoto (Japanese); Tiffany Grant (ADV Films) (English)
Why, whose real name is Nande (南出), is a transfer student in Mikey's class who keeps asking questions about everything.
Grandpa and Grandma
Voiced by: Toshiya Fujisawa and Yuki Nakaya (Japanese); Rik Thomas and Diana Bruce (BIFF), Andy McAvin and Melinda DeKay (ADV Films) (English)
Grandpa and Grandma are Mikey's paternal grandparents. The two are forgetful and have been that way since James was born, making it difficult to hold conversations with them.
Romeo
Voiced by: Mari Yanagimori
Romeo is Emily and Brown's little brother who is studying abroad in Italy. He is hostile towards women but loves men and is aggressive in his romantic pursuits. As a result, he falls in love with Mikey and James.
Clare
Voiced by: Mari Yanagimori
Clare is a transfer student in Mikey's class. While she has a quiet and unassuming demeanor, she has a habit of stalking others. She falls in love with Mikey and fiercely pursues him in spite of him having Emily as his girlfriend.
Nick
Voiced by: Yuka Itaha
Nick is a transfer student in Mikey's class who views him as a rival and competes against him in everything. His competitive behavior also extends to his parents, who compete against James and Barbara in everything as well.
Shut-in (ヒッキーくん, Hikkī-kun)
Voiced by: Chie Nanami
Shut-in is Emily and Brown's cousin. Since his birth, he has never shown his face in public. To travel outside, he rides in a car.
Saori (さおり)
Voiced by: Motomi Ishiyama
Saori is a woman who offers Mikey a ride when he hitchhikes. She is still heartbroken over her break-up with her ex-lover, Mitsuo.
Mikey the Starmen
Voiced by: Yoshimasa Ishibashi
The Starmen are seven alien brothers who have come to Earth to explore human life, and they have all taken on Mikey's appearance. They speak in unintelligible babbles.


== Production ==
Yoshimasa Ishibashi was inspired to create The Fuccons after seeing an advertisement where guests at a party had frozen facial expressions, recalling that they were "so fake they made [him] laugh." Ishibashi opted to use mannequins because he did not want audiences to dismiss the series as a "TV parody" and because the series' content would feel "too grotesque" if real actors were used. In addition, he did not want the actors' personalities to influence how the characters were portrayed and wanted the characters to be "completely depersonalized."Recreating a retro family setting similar to Bewitched, Ishibashi sourced the mannequins from a friend's warehouse, which originated from Yoshichu Mannequin. He picked fair-skinned, blue-eyed mannequins because the Japanese-looking mannequins had facial expressions that seemed too serious. Before filming, the mannequins would be styled by Ishibashi's make-up and hairstylist teams while he chose the outfits himself. He claimed that working with mannequins was "weird at first" but later decided that they were "not all that different from live actors."Ishibashi chose the name "Fuccons" because he thought it sounded funny and said that the name did not mean anything in Japanese. He also denied claims of The Fuccons being a Japanese commentary on Americans and their stereotypes, insisting that the show was meant to be "art." Keishiro Tamura, a colleague of Ishibashi's from Kyoto Computer Gakuin, assisted him in filming the series. The series was filmed in full screen format, and it was shot in various locations in Kyoto, Japan. The story's script consists of repetitive lines, which Ishibashi intended to show that they were manufactured conversations instead of real ones.


=== Release and distribution ===
The series first appeared as a recurring segment titled The Fuccon Family (フーコン・ファミリー) in the 2000 sketch comedy show Vermilion Pleasure Night, which aired on TV Tokyo and was also produced by Ishibashi. After the first part ended, it was then followed up by The Fuccon Family Part 2 (フーコン・ファミリー　パート２) and New Fuccon Family (新フーコン・ファミリー). A film titled The Color of Life compiling skits from Vermilion Pleasure Night was released in 2001, which also contained alternate cuts and endings to The Fuccon Family. In the same year, The Fuccon Family premiered in the United States at the New Directors/New Films Festival, where news was rapidly spread on the Internet through word-of-mouth, with viewers discussing the "manga-like freeze frames" and the morbid storylines. The Fuccon Family won the Ground-Breaker Award at the 6th Fantasia International Film Festival, Honorable Mention at the 3rd Kyoto Film Festival, and the Jury Special Prize at the Cinema Tout Ecran 7th Geneva International Film Festival. It won Best Series at the International D Cinema Festival in Paris, France. It was also screened at the 54th Locarno International Film Festival. A DVD compiling The Fuccon Family was later released on January 24, 2004, under the title The Fuccon Family: Special Edition.Beginning January 6, 2002, the series received its own late-night time slot on TV Tokyo under the title Oh! Mikey. The series was broadcast for eight seasons from 2002 to 2005. 21 of the episodes were screened in Ebisu, Tokyo in 2002 and were later released on VHS under the title Oh! Mikey: Special Edition 2002. The home releases were initially distributed under Avex Trax, before moving to their own label, "The Fuccon Family." Afterward, several direct-to-DVDs were released containing sketches that were not broadcast on television, beginning with Oh! Mikey Hard Core on August 26, 2005. Oh! Mikey Extra was then released on August 25, 2006. Oh! Mikey Romance was released on December 3, 2010, to celebrate the series' 10th anniversary. All home releases were given Region 2 DVDs with an English language subtitle option.
On August 13 and August 21, 2010, Cartoon Network Japan broadcast an hour-long special on the series. In 2011, TV Tokyo began distributing all eight televised seasons through their online streaming service, AniTele Theater (currently known as Animeteleto), as well as Nicovideo, for domestic Japanese residents only.


=== English version ===
In 2004, three episodes were dubbed in English and screened at the 54th Berlin International Film Festival under the titles The Fuccons and The Fuccons: Special Edition. It was also screened at the 28th Hong Kong International Film Festival, Melbourne International Film Festival 2004, the 8th Bucheon International Fantastic Film Festival, the 24th Hawaii International Film Festival, 33rd Festival du nouveau cinéma.In the same year, in addition to licensing Vermilion Pleasure Night, ADV Films also licensed the first four seasons for North American distribution with a new English dub produced, releasing the series under the title The Fuccons. The English dub was broadcast on Anime Network, as well as a recurring segment on G4's Late Night Peepshow on G4. ADV Films released the first 8 episodes as The Fuccons Vol. 0: Meet the Fuccons on December 20, 2005, as a preview of the series. 17 episodes were later released as The Fuccons Vol. 1: OH! Mikey on February 28, 2006. 18 episodes were released as The Fuccons Vol. 2: It's a Fuccon World! on April 25, 2006. 17 episodes were released as The Fuccons Vol. 3: Fuccon! Fuccon! Fuccon! on July 11, 2006. A compilation of vols. 1-3 was released as The Fuccons: The Whole Fuccon Show! on December 9, 2008. After the closure of ADV Films, The Fuccons is being distributed by Sentai Filmworks through the online streaming service Hidive.


== Episodes ==


== Films ==
Wah! Mikey Returns! was released in 2003. Another limited screening took place in various theaters in Tokyo, Osaka, Kanagawa, and Nagoya in July 2004. Oh! Mikey Fever, a film containing new original sketches, held limited theater screenings in Tokyo and Osaka on December 1, 2007.


== Legacy ==

The Fuccons gained a cult following throughout its broadcast. By 2010, The Fuccons gained 60,000 followers on their Mixi page. A New Years' television special titled Oh! Mikey New Years Special was broadcast beginning December 20, 2007, and was hosted by the comedy duo Fujisaki Market. The popularity of The Fuccons inspired themed restaurants. In December 2010, Nescafé held a collaboration cafe with The Fuccons called "Mikey's Cafe" to celebrate the franchise's 10th anniversary, with comedian Shingo Tano making a one-day appearance.An art exhibit titled Mikey's Attack! took place at Kirin Plaza Osaka from December 11, 2004, to January 30, 2005. Footage from the event was later released as an episode on Oh! Mikey Extra on August 25, 2006. Another art exhibit titled Oh! Mikey Romance: 10 Years of Oh! Mikey was displayed at the Kyoto International Manga Museum from December 2010 to February 2011 to celebrate the series' 10th anniversary. Oh! Mikey: Special Edition 2002 was screened at Parasophia: Kyoto International Festival of Contemporary Culture 2015 at the Museum of Kyoto as part of Ishibashi's general art exhibit.The Fuccons have also appeared in commercials for Vodafone, LG Telecom, Furniture Dome, Ettusais, NTT Docomo, Sapporo Beer, and Mouse Computer. Model Matt Kuwata starred in the collaboration episodes with Mouse Computer as Mikey's older brother, with eight episodes released online. The characters were also used as promotional models for Parco and Daihatsu. A pictorial photoshoot featuring the characters was shot for Vogue Hommes International.


== Reception ==


=== Critical response ===
In North America, The Fuccons received a mixed reception. Many critics compared the visual styling of The Fuccons to 1950s sitcoms such as Leave It to Beaver and It's a Wonderful Life. Other comparisons were drawn to The Simpsons for originating from a sketch comedy series and later receiving its own show. The Fuccons were also compared to "Summer Holidays", a series of photos of mannequins created by photographer Bernard Faucon in 1978. Several critics explored the possibility of The Fuccons as being a Japanese commentary on Americans and their stereotypes in Japan, though the majority expressed otherwise. In spite of the speculation, Ishibashi himself has stated that The Fuccons was not intended to be a cross-cultural commentary and that it was meant to be "art."Jake L. Godek from THEM Anime Reviews gave the series a 1-star rating, claiming that the episodes have no "continuous ideas." Similarly, Chris Tibbey from DVD Talk did not find the series funny but praised ADV Films for taking a risk and licensing live-action series. At the same time, Don Houston from DVD Talk described the series as a "wacky, weird ride" but warned that "not everyone thinks this is funny or creative." Bamboo Dong from Anime News Network called the humor "quirky", but also noted that viewers who were not ready to overlook the mannequin concept were less likely to enjoy the series. Writing for Amazon's editorial, Charles Solomon described the vocal performance as "over-the-top", claiming that while the show may bring up discussions about Japanese attitudes towards Americans and the series' "we're-so-dumb-we're-hip charms", he considered it a "pointless waste of time."On the other hand, Kaori Shoji from The New York Times' International Herald Tribue credited Ishibashi's art style to his Kyoto upbringing, and described The Fuccon Family segments as "darkly funny" with an "over-the-top caricatured view." Gail Nakada from Wired describes the series as "perverse and riotous", with "adultery, childhood antics, and a mother's perfectionism." The Austin Chronicle describes The Fuccons as having "witty" dialogue that was "filled with non-sequiturs and static humor", praising the series for parodying the sitcom genre with its "absurdity."  Zack Parsons from Something Awful gave the first season a score of 41/50, citing its strengths to be its characters and surreal humor. In his review of the second season, Parsons gave the same score, praising the first half of the season while stating the second half of the season was where the series went to "uncharted territories." Jamie S. Rich from DVD Talk stated that the humor of the series is better accepted through its absurdity and not through its depiction of stereotypes, expressing that, while the introductory episodes fell flat, the increasingly outlandish situations the Fuccons are placed in draw hilarity. Film Threat expressed that in spite of The Fuccons having an "unusual format and hallucinatory subject matter", it provides as many "good laughs" as confusing moments.


=== Awards and accolades ===


== References ==


=== Further reading ===
Takeuchi Cullen, Lisa (2001). "The Fuccon Family". Artforum. Vol. 39 no. 10. United States: Artforum International Magazine. Archived from the original on September 16, 2020. Retrieved September 15, 2020.
Shoji, Kaori (April 17, 2002). "A Kyoto maverick shakes up Japanese film". The New York Times. Archived from the original on October 1, 2020. Retrieved September 20, 2020.


== External links ==
Official website (in Japanese)
Official website (TV Tokyo) (in Japanese)
Official website (Sentai Filmworks)
The Fuccons (anime) at Anime News Network's encyclopedia
<|endoftext|>
Ressaquinha is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion of Campo das Vertentes and to the microregion of Barbacena.  In 2020, the estimated population was 4,817.


== See also ==
List of municipalities in Minas Gerais


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Halgania is a genus of small shrubs in the family Boraginaceae. The genus comprises about 20 species that are endemic to Australia. Halgania is named for Emmanuel Halgan, a vice-admiral in the French Navy.


== Features ==
Halgania species are spreading to erect shrubs or subshrubs up to 1.2 m high. Leaves are simple, alternating along the stem and membranaceous or leathery. The leaf margin is entire or toothed to serrate and often revolute. Herbaceous stems and leaves can be glabrous but also covered with glandular hairs, simple or bifurcating (resembling cleats, "dolabriform") hairs. In some species, the surface is also covered with a viscose layer of exudates.
The flowers have a calyx of five more or less connected sepals. The 5-parted corolla is blue to violet, rarely white and flat or widely cup-shaped, similar to Solanum-flowers. The five stamens have short filaments and long yellow to yellow-violet anthers. They are connected via intertwining hairs to an anther cone. The pollen sacs open into a central channel, through which the style later emerges. Dusty pollen is released through a pore made by beak-like appendage of the anthers through buzz pollination. Fruits are two- or four chambered dry drupes.

		
		


== Systematics ==
Halgania is a genus that only occurs in Australia, its sister group is still unknown. There are three clades in the genus. The H. andromedifolia-clade (H. andromedifolia and H. rigida) occurs exclusively in Western Australia and the sepals are often conspicuously inqually sized. The anther appendage is short. Species of the H. anagalloides-clade are the only ones to have dolabriform hairs, and they occur in all states of Australia. Their anther appendage is of variable size. The H. littoralis-clade contains the type species of the genus. Its members have neither dolabriform hairs, nor inqually sized sepals, and always long anther appendages. All species of the H. littoralis-clade occur in Western Australia or Northern Territory. Also four-chambered drupes only occur in this group.


== Distribution ==
Halgania species occur in all states of Australia. They grow in well-drained soils and sand in dry climates, except to the hyper-arid regions of the Nullarbor Plain. The species are also absent from temperate and tropical areas.


== Selected species ==
Halgania anagalloides Endl.
Halgania andromedifolia Behr & F.Muell. – Lavender halgania, smooth halgania
Halgania argyrophylla Diels
Halgania bebrana Oldfield & F.Muell. 
Halgania brachrhyncha Peter G.Wilson
Halgania corymbosa Lindl.
Halgania cyanea Lindl. – Rough halgania
Halgania erecta Ewart & B.Rees
Halgania glabra J.M.Black
Halgania gustafsenii F.Muell.
Halgania integerrima Endl.
Halgania lavandulacea Endl. – Blue bush
Halgania littoralis Gaudich.
Halgania preissiana Lehm.
Halgania rigida S.Moore
Halgania sericiflora Benth.
Halgania solanacea F.Muell.


== References ==

New South Wales Flora online: Halgania
FloraBase: the Western Australian Flora: Halgania
What's Its Name?
Association of Societies for Growing Australian Plants (ASGAP): Halganea cyanea
<|endoftext|>
The House of the Arrow is a 1940 British mystery film directed by Harold French and starring Kenneth Kent, Diana Churchill and Belle Chrystall. It was made at Elstree Studios. The film is an adaptation of A.E.W. Mason's 1924 novel The House of the Arrow featuring the French detective Inspector Hanaud. It was released in the U.S. by PRC as Castle of Crimes. 


== Cast ==
Kenneth Kent as Inspector Hanaud
Diana Churchill as Betty Harlowe
Belle Chrystall as Ann Upcott
Peter Murray-Hill as Jim Frobisher
Clifford Evans as Maurice Thevenet
Louise Hampton as Mme. Harlow
Catherine Lacey as Francine Rollard
Aubrey Dexter as Giradot
James Harcourt as Boris Raviart
Ivor Barnard as Jean Cladel
Athene Seyler


== Critical reception ==
In a contemporary review, Variety lamented, "an uninteresting whodunit geared for the duals," and criticised the film for being too wordy, saying, "it's hard for American audiences to understand much of the dialog because of the accents. Acting is stilted, though Kenneth Kent, as a police inspector, gives a fairly strong performance," the reviewer concluding that "Dreary lighting impedes much of the values"; while more recently, TV Guide also criticised the film's "low production values," and regretted, "Too bad there's no suspense or intrigue in this stock whodunit."


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Wood, Linda. British Films, 1927–1939. British Film Institute, 1986.


== External links ==
The House of the Arrow at IMDb
Review of film at Variety
<|endoftext|>
A Drag Queen Christmas is a drag tour featuring alumni of RuPaul's Drag Race.


== History ==
The "Return to Order" campaign, led by the American Society for the Defense of Tradition, Family and Property, sought to end the series and cancel a scheduled December 2019 performance at Folly Theatre in Kansas City, Missouri. The campaign gathered 13,000 signatures. Scheduled performers were Aja, Chi Chi DeVayne, Eureka O'Hara, Farrah Moan, Kim Chi, Latrice Royale, Sasha Velour, and Shea Couleé, with Trinity Taylor hosting.


=== Tour dates ===
November 26, 2017 – Lincoln Theatre, Washington, D.C.
November 27, 2017 – Dominion Arts Center, Richmond
December 10, 2017 – Buckhead Theatre, Atlanta
December 15, 2017 – Orpheum Theatre, Wichita, Kansas
November 14, 2018 – State Theater, Portland, Maine
November 25, 2018 – Detroit
November 30, 2018 – St. Louis
December 7, 2018 – Denver, Colorado
December 22, 2018 – House of Blues, Houston, Texas
November 22, 2019 – Modell Lyric, Baltimore
November 25, 2019 – College Street Music Hall, New Haven
December 1, 2019 – St. Louis
December 3, 2019 – Pantages Theatre, Minneapolis
December 5, 2019 – Fillmore Auditorium, Denver, Colorado
December 14, 2019 – Abraham Chavez Theatre, El Paso, Texas
December 17, 2019 – Folly Theater, Kansas City
December 19, 2019 – Austin, Texas
December 28, 2019 – Parker Playhouse, Fort Lauderdale, Florida
December 29, 2019 – Ferguson Hall, David A. Straz Jr. Center for the Performing Arts, Tampa, Florida


== References ==


== External links ==

A Drag Queen Christmas: The Naughty Tour 2019 on YouTube
<|endoftext|>
Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity Part 2 is the first compilation album by American heavy metal musician Michael Angelo Batio. It contains remastered tracks from Batio's third and fourth studio albums, Tradition (1998) and Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity (2000), and was released in 2004 by M.A.C.E. Music. Three songs from Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity 2 have also been included on instructional video albums released by Metal Method – "China" on Performance (2006), "Prog" on Speed Kills 3 (2007), and "The Finish Line" on Performance (2006) and Speed Lives 3: The Neo Classical Zone (2009).


== Track listing ==
All tracks are written by Michael Angelo Batio, except "Instant Glamour" by Frank Miceli.


== Personnel ==
MusiciansMichael Angelo Batio – guitars, bass, keyboards, drums on tracks 1, 2, 3, 9 and 12, arrangements, programming, production, engineering, mixing
Rob Ross – drums on tracks 4, 5, 7, 8, 11, 13 and 14, vocals on track 11
William Kopecky – bass on tracks 4, 5, 8 and 11Additional personnelMark Richardson – mastering
Dan Machnik – photography
Paul Kuhr – graphic design


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
I Spy With My Little Eye... is a 2011 Children's picture book by Edward Gibbs. It is based on the I spy game with the reader being given written and visual clues about an animal on the initial double page and the answer with a picture of the animal on the following double page.


== Reception ==
A review by Booktrust wrote "The guessing game itself is great fun, but it's the bold, elegant illustrations and ingenious design which set this book apart, making it a more complex experience for young readers."I Spy With My Little Eye has also been reviewed by Kirkus Reviews (star review), Publishers Weekly (star review), The Horn Book Magazine, School Library Journal, and ForeWard Reviews,It was a 2012 Missouri Building Block Picture Book Award nominee.


== References ==


== External links ==

Library holdings of I Spy With My Little Eye
<|endoftext|>
The men's C-2 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing between August 18 and 22.  The C-2 event was raced in two-man sprint canoes.
Competition consisted of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals and the final. All boats competed in the heats. The top three finishers in each of the two heats advanced directly to the final, while the top nine finishers from both heats moved on to the semifinal. The top three finishers in the semifinal joined the heats winners in the final.
Heats took place on August 18, semifinals on August 20, and the final on August 22.


== Medalists ==


== Schedule ==
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)


== Results ==


=== Heats ===
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, 4..7->Semifinal + 8th best time, Rest Out


==== Heat 1 ====


==== Heat 2 ====


=== Semifinal ===
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out


=== Final ===


== References ==
Sports-reference.com 2008 C-2 1000 m results.
Yahoo! August 18, 2008 sprint heat results. - accessed August 19, 2008.
Yahoo! August 20, 2008 sprint semifinal results. - accessed August 20, 2008.
Yahoo! August 22, 2008 sprint final results. - accessed August 22, 2008.
<|endoftext|>
California's 4th State Senate district is one of 40 California State Senate districts. It is currently represented by Republican Jim Nielsen of Gerber.


== District profile ==
The district encompasses much of the Sacramento Valley, reaching almost to the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta. The district mainly comprises rural farmland, but a substantial minority of the population is clustered in the Sacramento metropolitan area in the southern tip of the district.


== Election results from statewide races ==


== List of State Senators ==
Due to redistricting, the 4th district has been moved around different parts of the state. The current iteration resulted from the 2011 redistricting by the California Citizens Redistricting Commission.


== Election results ==


=== 2018 ===


=== 2014 ===


=== 2013 (special) ===


=== 2010 ===


=== 2006 ===


=== 2002 ===


=== 1998 ===


=== 1994 ===


== See also ==
California State Senate
California State Senate districts
Districts in California


== References ==


== External links ==
District map from the California Citizens Redistricting Commission
<|endoftext|>
Marko Bašanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Башановић; born 26 September 1994) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Železničar Pančevo.


== Career ==
Born in Belgrade, Bašanović is a product of Rad's youth school. He played for Železničar Beograd, Železnik, Lokomotiva Beograd, Sopot and IM Rakovica. In summer 2015 he returned Rad. After a season with Rad, Bašanović moved to Spartak Subotica next year.Železničar Pančevo


== References ==


== External links ==
Marko Bašanović at Soccerway
Marko Bašanović stats at utakmica.rs
Marko Bašanović at Srbijafudbal
<|endoftext|>
Telecommunication is the transmission of information by various types of technologies over wire, radio, optical or other electromagnetic systems. It has its origin in the desire of humans for communication over a distance greater than that feasible with the human voice, but with a similar scale of expediency; thus, slow systems (such as postal mail) are excluded from the field.
The transmission media in telecommunication have evolved through numerous stages of technology, from beacons and other visual signals (such as smoke signals, semaphore telegraphs, signal flags, and optical heliographs), to electrical cable and electromagnetic radiation, including light. Such transmission paths are often divided into communication channels, which afford the advantages of multiplexing multiple concurrent communication sessions. Telecommunication is often used in its plural form, because it involves many different technologies.Other examples of pre-modern long-distance communication included audio messages, such as coded drumbeats, lung-blown horns, and loud whistles. 20th- and 21st-century technologies for long-distance communication usually involve electrical and electromagnetic technologies, such as telegraph, telephone, television and teleprinter, networks, radio, microwave transmission, optical fiber, and communications satellites.
A revolution in wireless communication began in the first decade of the 20th century with the pioneering developments in radio communications by Guglielmo Marconi, who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1909, and other notable pioneering inventors and developers in the field of electrical and electronic telecommunications. These included Charles Wheatstone and Samuel Morse (inventors of the telegraph), Antonio Meucci and Alexander Graham Bell (some of the inventors and developers of the telephone, see Invention of the telephone), Edwin Armstrong and Lee de Forest (inventors of radio), as well as Vladimir K. Zworykin, John Logie Baird and Philo Farnsworth (some of the inventors of television).
According to Article 1.3 of the Radio Regulations (RR), telecommunication is defined as « Any transmission, emission or reception of signs, signals, writings, images and sounds or intelligence of any nature by wire, radio, optical or other electromagnetic systems.» This definition is identical to those contained in the Annex to the Constitution and Convention of the International Telecommunication Union (Geneva, 1992).


== Etymology ==
The word telecommunication is a compound of the Greek prefix tele (τῆλε), meaning distant, far off, or afar, and the Latin communicare, meaning to share. Its modern use is adapted from the French, because its written use was recorded in 1904 by the French engineer and novelist Édouard Estaunié.  Communication was first used as an English word in the late 14th century. It comes from Old French comunicacion (14c., Modern French communication), from Latin communicationem (nominative communicatio), noun of action from past participle stem of communicare "to share, divide out; communicate, impart, inform; join, unite, participate in", literally "to make common", from communis".


== History ==


=== Beacons and pigeons ===

Homing pigeons have occasionally been used throughout history by different cultures. Pigeon post had Persian roots, and was later used by the Romans to aid their military. Frontinus said that Julius Caesar used pigeons as messengers in his conquest of Gaul.
The Greeks also conveyed the names of the victors at the Olympic Games to various cities using homing pigeons. In the early 19th century, the Dutch government used the system in Java and Sumatra. And in 1849, Paul Julius Reuter started a pigeon service to fly stock prices between Aachen and Brussels, a service that operated for a year until the gap in the telegraph link was closed.In the Middle Ages, chains of beacons were commonly used on hilltops as a means of relaying a signal. Beacon chains suffered the drawback that they could only pass a single bit of information, so the meaning of the message such as "the enemy has been sighted" had to be agreed upon in advance. One notable instance of their use was during the Spanish Armada, when a beacon chain relayed a signal from Plymouth to London.In 1792, Claude Chappe, a French engineer, built the first fixed visual telegraphy system (or semaphore line) between Lille and Paris. However semaphore suffered from the need for skilled operators and expensive towers at intervals of ten to thirty kilometres (six to nineteen miles). As a result of competition from the electrical telegraph, the last commercial line was abandoned in 1880.


=== Telegraph and telephone ===
On 25 July 1837 the first commercial electrical telegraph was demonstrated by English inventor Sir William Fothergill Cooke, and English scientist Sir Charles Wheatstone. Both inventors viewed their device as "an improvement to the [existing] electromagnetic telegraph" not as a new device.Samuel Morse independently developed a version of the electrical telegraph that he unsuccessfully demonstrated on 2 September 1837. His code was an important advance over Wheatstone's signaling method. The first transatlantic telegraph cable was successfully completed on 27 July 1866, allowing transatlantic telecommunication for the first time.The conventional telephone was patented by Alexander Bell in 1876. Elisha Gray also filed a caveat for it in 1876. Gray abandoned his caveat and because he did not contest Bell's priority, the examiner approved Bell's patent on March 3, 1876. Gray had filed his caveat for the variable resistance telephone, but Bell was the first to write down the idea and the first to test it in a telephone.[88] Antonio Meucci invented a device that allowed the electrical transmission of voice over a line nearly thirty years before in 1849, but his device was of little practical value because it relied on the electrophonic effect requiring users to place the receiver in their mouths to "hear". The first commercial telephone services were set-up by the Bell Telephone Company in 1878 and 1879 on both sides of the Atlantic in the cities of New Haven and London.


=== Radio and television ===
Starting in 1894, Italian inventor Guglielmo Marconi began developing a wireless communication using the then newly discovered phenomenon of radio waves, showing by 1901 that they could be transmitted across the Atlantic Ocean. This was the start of wireless telegraphy by radio. Voice and music were demonstrated in 1900 and 1906, but had little early success.Millimetre wave communication was first investigated by Bengali physicist Jagadish Chandra Bose during 1894–1896, when he reached an extremely high frequency of up to 60 GHz in his experiments. He also introduced the use of semiconductor junctions to detect radio waves, when he patented the radio crystal detector in 1901.World War I accelerated the development of radio for military communications. After the war, commercial radio AM broadcasting began in the 1920s and became an important mass medium for entertainment and news. World War II again accelerated development of radio for the wartime purposes of aircraft and land communication, radio navigation and radar. Development of stereo FM broadcasting of radio took place from the 1930s on-wards in the United States and displaced AM as the dominant commercial standard by the 1960s, and by the 1970s in the United Kingdom.On 25 March 1925, John Logie Baird was able to demonstrate the transmission of moving pictures at the London department store Selfridges. Baird's device relied upon the Nipkow disk and thus became known as the mechanical television. It formed the basis of experimental broadcasts done by the British Broadcasting Corporation beginning 30 September 1929. However, for most of the twentieth century televisions depended upon the cathode ray tube invented by Karl Braun. The first version of such a television to show promise was produced by Philo Farnsworth and demonstrated to his family on 7 September 1927. After World War II, the experiments in television that had been interrupted were resumed, and it also became an important home entertainment broadcast medium.


=== Thermionic valves ===
The type of device known as a thermionic tube or thermionic valve uses the phenomenon of thermionic emission of electrons from a heated cathode and is used for a number of fundamental electronic functions such as signal amplification and current rectification.
Non-thermionic types, such as a vacuum phototube however, achieve electron emission through the photoelectric effect, and are used for such as the detection of light levels. In both types, the electrons are accelerated from the cathode to the anode by the electric field in the tube.
The simplest vacuum tube, the diode invented in 1904 by John Ambrose Fleming, contains only a heated electron-emitting cathode and an anode. Electrons can only flow in one direction through the device—from the cathode to the anode. Adding one or more control grids within the tube allows the current between the cathode and anode to be controlled by the voltage on the grid or grids. These devices became a key component of electronic circuits for the first half of the twentieth century. They were crucial to the development of radio, television, radar, sound recording and reproduction, long-distance telephone networks, and analogue and early digital computers. Although some applications had used earlier technologies such as the spark gap transmitter for radio or mechanical computers for computing, it was the invention of the thermionic vacuum tube that made these technologies widespread and practical, and created the discipline of electronics.In the 1940s the invention of semiconductor devices made it possible to produce solid-state devices, which are smaller, more efficient, reliable and durable, and cheaper than thermionic tubes. From the mid-1960s, thermionic tubes were then being replaced with the transistor. Thermionic tubes still have some applications for certain high-frequency amplifiers.


=== Semiconductor era ===
The modern period of telecommunication history from 1950 onwards is referred to as the semiconductor era, due to the wide adoption of semiconductor devices in telecommunication technology. The development of transistor technology and the semiconductor industry enabled significant advances in telecommunication technology, and led to a transition away from state-owned narrowband circuit-switched networks to private broadband packet-switched networks. Metal–oxide–semiconductor (MOS) technologies such as large-scale integration (LSI) and RF CMOS (radio-frequency complementary MOS), along with information theory (such as data compression), led to a transition from analog to digital signal processing, with the introduction of digital telecommunications (such as digital telephony and digital media) and wireless communications (such as cellular networks and mobile telephony), leading to rapid growth of the telecommunications industry towards the end of the 20th century.


==== Transistors ====
The development of transistor technology has been fundamental to modern electronic telecommunication. The first transistor, a point-contact transistor, was invented by John Bardeen and Walter Houser Brattain at Bell Labs in 1947. The MOSFET (metal–oxide–silicon field-effect transistor), also known as the MOS transistor, was later invented by Mohamed M. Atalla and Dawon Kahng at Bell Labs in 1959. The MOSFET is the building block or "workhorse" of the information revolution and the information age, and the most widely manufactured device in history. MOS technology, including MOS integrated circuits and power MOSFETs, drives the communications infrastructure of modern telecommunication. Along with computers, other essential elements of modern telecommunication that are built from MOSFETs include mobile devices, transceivers, base station modules, routers, RF power amplifiers, microprocessors, memory chips, and telecommunication circuits.According Edholm's law, the bandwidth of telecommunication networks has been doubling every 18 months. Advances in MOS technology, including MOSFET scaling (increasing transistor counts at an exponential pace, as predicted by Moore's law), has been the most important contributing factor in the rapid rise of bandwidth in telecommunications networks.


==== Computer networks and the Internet ====
On 11 September 1940, George Stibitz transmitted problems for his Complex Number Calculator in New York using a teletype, and received the computed results back at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire. This configuration of a centralized computer (mainframe) with remote dumb terminals remained popular well into the 1970s. However, already in the 1960s, researchers started to investigate packet switching, a technology that sends a message in portions to its destination asynchronously without passing it through a centralized mainframe. A four-node network emerged on 5 December 1969, constituting the beginnings of the ARPANET, which by 1981 had grown to 213 nodes. ARPANET eventually merged with other networks to form the Internet. While Internet development was a focus of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) who published a series of Request for Comment documents, other networking advancements occurred in industrial laboratories, such as the local area network (LAN) developments of Ethernet (1983) and Token Ring (1984).


==== Wireless telecommunication ====
The wireless revolution began in the 1990s, with the advent of digital wireless networks leading to a social revolution, and a paradigm shift from wired to wireless technology, including the proliferation of commercial wireless technologies such as cell phones, mobile telephony, pagers, wireless computer networks, cellular networks, the wireless Internet, and laptop and handheld computers with wireless connections. The wireless revolution has been driven by advances in radio frequency (RF) and microwave engineering, and the transition from analog to digital RF technology. Advances in metal–oxide–semiconductor field-effect transistor (MOSFET, or MOS transistor) technology, the key component of the RF technology that enables digital wireless networks, has been central to this revolution, including MOS devices such as the power MOSFET, LDMOS, and RF CMOS.


==== Digital media ====
Practical digital media distribution and streaming was made possible by advances in data compression, due to the impractically high memory, storage and bandwidth requirements of uncompressed media. The most important compression technique is the discrete cosine transform (DCT), a lossy compression algorithm that was first proposed as an image compression technique in 1972. Realization and demonstration, on 29 October 2001, of the first digital cinema transmission by satellite in Europe of a feature film by Bernard Pauchon, Alain Lorentz, Raymond Melwig and Philippe Binant.


=== Growth of transmission capacity ===
The effective capacity to exchange information worldwide through two-way telecommunication networks grew from 281 petabytes (pB) of optimally compressed information in 1986, to 471 pB in 1993, to 2.2 exabytes (eB) in 2000, and to 65 eB in 2007. This is the informational equivalent of two newspaper pages per person per day in 1986, and six entire newspapers per person per day by 2007. Given this growth, telecommunications play an increasingly important role in the world economy and the global telecommunications industry was about a $4.7 trillion sector in 2012. The service revenue of the global telecommunications industry was estimated to be $1.5 trillion in 2010, corresponding to 2.4% of the world's gross domestic product (GDP).


== Technical concepts ==
Modern telecommunication is founded on a series of key concepts that experienced progressive development and refinement in a period of well over a century.


=== Basic elements ===
Telecommunication technologies may primarily be divided into wired and wireless methods. Overall though, a basic telecommunication system consists of three main parts that are always present in some form or another:

A transmitter that takes information and converts it to a signal.
A transmission medium, also called the physical channel that carries the signal. An example of this is the "free space channel".
A receiver that takes the signal from the channel and converts it back into usable information for the recipient.For example, in a radio broadcasting station the station's large power amplifier is the transmitter; and the broadcasting antenna is the interface between the power amplifier and the "free space channel". The free space channel is the transmission medium; and the receiver's antenna is the interface between the free space channel and the receiver. Next, the radio receiver is the destination of the radio signal, and this is where it is converted from electricity to sound for people to listen to.
Sometimes, telecommunication systems are "duplex" (two-way systems) with a single box of electronics working as both the transmitter and a receiver, or a transceiver. For example, a cellular telephone is a transceiver. The transmission electronics and the receiver electronics within a transceiver are actually quite independent of each other. This can be readily explained by the fact that radio transmitters contain power amplifiers that operate with electrical powers measured in watts or kilowatts, but radio receivers deal with radio powers that are measured in the microwatts or nanowatts. Hence, transceivers have to be carefully designed and built to isolate their high-power circuitry and their low-power circuitry from each other, as to not cause interference.
Telecommunication over fixed lines is called point-to-point communication because it is between one transmitter and one receiver. Telecommunication through radio broadcasts is called broadcast communication because it is between one powerful transmitter and numerous low-power but sensitive radio receivers.Telecommunications in which multiple transmitters and multiple receivers have been designed to cooperate and to share the same physical channel are called multiplex systems. The sharing of physical channels using multiplexing often gives very large reductions in costs. Multiplexed systems are laid out in telecommunication networks, and the multiplexed signals are switched at nodes through to the correct destination terminal receiver.


=== Analog versus digital communications ===
Communications signals can be sent either by analog signals or digital signals. There are analog communication systems and digital communication systems. For an analog signal, the signal is varied continuously with respect to the information. In a digital signal, the information is encoded as a set of discrete values (for example, a set of ones and zeros). During the propagation and reception, the information contained in analog signals will inevitably be degraded by undesirable physical noise. (The output of a transmitter is noise-free for all practical purposes.) Commonly, the noise in a communication system can be expressed as adding or subtracting from the desirable signal in a completely random way. This form of noise is called additive noise, with the understanding that the noise can be negative or positive at different instants of time. Noise that is not additive noise is a much more difficult situation to describe or analyze, and these other kinds of noise will be omitted here.
On the other hand, unless the additive noise disturbance exceeds a certain threshold, the information contained in digital signals will remain intact. Their resistance to noise represents a key advantage of digital signals over analog signals.


=== Communication channels ===
The term "channel" has two different meanings. In one meaning, a channel is the physical medium that carries a signal between the transmitter and the receiver. Examples of this include the atmosphere for sound communications, glass optical fibers for some kinds of optical communications, coaxial cables for communications by way of the voltages and electric currents in them, and free space for communications using visible light, infrared waves, ultraviolet light, and radio waves. Coaxial cable types are classified by RG type or "radio guide", terminology derived from World War II. The various RG designations are used to classify the specific signal transmission applications. This last channel is called the "free space channel". The sending of radio waves from one place to another has nothing to do with the presence or absence of an atmosphere between the two. Radio waves travel through a perfect vacuum just as easily as they travel through air, fog, clouds, or any other kind of gas.
The other meaning of the term "channel" in telecommunications is seen in the phrase communications channel, which is a subdivision of a transmission medium so that it can be used to send multiple streams of information simultaneously. For example, one radio station can broadcast radio waves into free space at frequencies in the neighborhood of 94.5 MHz (megahertz) while another radio station can simultaneously broadcast radio waves at frequencies in the neighborhood of 96.1 MHz. Each radio station would transmit radio waves over a frequency bandwidth of about 180 kHz (kilohertz), centered at frequencies such as the above, which are called the "carrier frequencies". Each station in this example is separated from its adjacent stations by 200 kHz, and the difference between 200 kHz and 180 kHz (20 kHz) is an engineering allowance for the imperfections in the communication system.
In the example above, the "free space channel" has been divided into communications channels according to frequencies, and each channel is assigned a separate frequency bandwidth in which to broadcast radio waves. This system of dividing the medium into channels according to frequency is called "frequency-division multiplexing".  Another term for the same concept is "wavelength-division multiplexing", which is more commonly used in optical communications when multiple transmitters share the same physical medium.
Another way of dividing a communications medium into channels is to allocate each sender a recurring segment of time (a "time slot", for example, 20 milliseconds out of each second), and to allow each sender to send messages only within its own time slot. This method of dividing the medium into communication channels is called "time-division multiplexing" (TDM), and is used in optical fiber communication. Some radio communication systems use TDM within an allocated FDM channel. Hence, these systems use a hybrid of TDM and FDM.


=== Modulation ===
The shaping of a signal to convey information is known as modulation. Modulation can be used to represent a digital message as an analog waveform. This is commonly called "keying"—a term derived from the older use of Morse Code in telecommunications—and several keying techniques exist (these include phase-shift keying, frequency-shift keying, and amplitude-shift keying). The "Bluetooth" system, for example, uses phase-shift keying to exchange information between various devices. In addition, there are combinations of phase-shift keying and amplitude-shift keying which is called (in the jargon of the field) "quadrature amplitude modulation" (QAM) that are used in high-capacity digital radio communication systems.
Modulation can also be used to transmit the information of low-frequency analog signals at higher frequencies. This is helpful because low-frequency analog signals cannot be effectively transmitted over free space. Hence the information from a low-frequency analog signal must be impressed into a higher-frequency signal (known as the "carrier wave") before transmission. There are several different modulation schemes available to achieve this [two of the most basic being amplitude modulation (AM) and frequency modulation (FM)]. An example of this process is a disc jockey's voice being impressed into a 96 MHz carrier wave using frequency modulation (the voice would then be received on a radio as the channel "96 FM"). In addition, modulation has the advantage that it may use frequency division multiplexing (FDM).


=== Telecommunication networks ===
A telecommunications network is a collection of transmitters, receivers, and communications channels that send messages to one another. Some digital communications networks contain one or more routers that work together to transmit information to the correct user. An analog communications network consists of one or more switches that establish a connection between two or more users. For both types of network, repeaters may be necessary to amplify or recreate the signal when it is being transmitted over long distances. This is to combat attenuation that can render the signal indistinguishable from the noise.
Another advantage of digital systems over analog is that their output is easier to store in memory, i.e. two voltage states (high and low) are easier to store than a continuous range of states.


== Societal impact ==
Telecommunication has a significant social, cultural and economic impact on modern society. In 2008, estimates placed the telecommunication industry's revenue at US$4.7 trillion or just under three percent of the gross world product (official exchange rate). Several following sections discuss the impact of telecommunication on society.


=== Microeconomics ===
On the microeconomic scale, companies have used telecommunications to help build global business empires. This is self-evident in the case of online retailer Amazon.com but, according to academic Edward Lenert, even the conventional retailer Walmart has benefited from better telecommunication infrastructure compared to its competitors. In cities throughout the world, home owners use their telephones to order and arrange a variety of home services ranging from pizza deliveries to electricians. Even relatively poor communities have been noted to use telecommunication to their advantage. In Bangladesh's Narsingdi District, isolated villagers use cellular phones to speak directly to wholesalers and arrange a better price for their goods. In Côte d'Ivoire, coffee growers share mobile phones to follow hourly variations in coffee prices and sell at the best price.


=== Macroeconomics ===
On the macroeconomic scale, Lars-Hendrik Röller and Leonard Waverman suggested a causal link between good telecommunication infrastructure and economic growth. Few dispute the existence of a correlation although some argue it is wrong to view the relationship as causal.Because of the economic benefits of good telecommunication infrastructure, there is increasing worry about the inequitable access to telecommunication services amongst various countries of the world—this is known as the digital divide. A 2003 survey by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) revealed that roughly a third of countries have fewer than one mobile subscription for every 20 people and one-third of countries have fewer than one land-line telephone subscription for every 20 people. In terms of Internet access, roughly half of all countries have fewer than one out of 20 people with Internet access. From this information, as well as educational data, the ITU was able to compile an index that measures the overall ability of citizens to access and use information and communication technologies. Using this measure, Sweden, Denmark and Iceland received the highest ranking while the African countries Nigeria, Burkina Faso and Mali received the lowest.


=== Social impact ===
Telecommunication has played a significant role in social relationships. Nevertheless, devices like the telephone system were originally advertised with an emphasis on the practical dimensions of the device (such as the ability to conduct business or order home services) as opposed to the social dimensions. It was not until the late 1920s and 1930s that the social dimensions of the device became a prominent theme in telephone advertisements. New promotions started appealing to consumers' emotions, stressing the importance of social conversations and staying connected to family and friends.Since then the role that telecommunications has played in social relations has become increasingly important. In recent years, the popularity of social networking sites has increased dramatically. These sites allow users to communicate with each other as well as post photographs, events and profiles for others to see. The profiles can list a person's age, interests, sexual preference and relationship status. In this way, these sites can play important role in everything from organising social engagements to courtship.Prior to social networking sites, technologies like short message service (SMS) and the telephone also had a significant impact on social interactions. In 2000, market research group Ipsos MORI reported that 81% of 15- to 24-year-old SMS users in the United Kingdom had used the service to coordinate social arrangements and 42% to flirt.


=== Entertainment, news, and advertising ===
In cultural terms, telecommunication has increased the public's ability to access music and film. With television, people can watch films they have not seen before in their own home without having to travel to the video store or cinema. With radio and the Internet, people can listen to music they have not heard before without having to travel to the music store.
Telecommunication has also transformed the way people receive their news. A 2006 survey (right table) of slightly more than 3,000 Americans by the non-profit Pew Internet and American Life Project in the United States the majority specified television or radio over newspapers.
Telecommunication has had an equally significant impact on advertising. TNS Media Intelligence reported that in 2007, 58% of advertising expenditure in the United States was spent on media that depend upon telecommunication.


== Regulation ==
Many countries have enacted legislation which conforms to the International Telecommunication Regulations established by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), which is the "leading UN agency for information and communication technology issues". In 1947, at the Atlantic City Conference, the ITU decided to "afford international protection to all frequencies registered in a new international frequency list and used in conformity with the Radio Regulation". According to the ITU's Radio Regulations adopted in Atlantic City, all frequencies referenced in the International Frequency Registration Board, examined by the board and registered on the International Frequency List "shall have the right to international protection from harmful interference".From a global perspective, there have been political debates and legislation regarding the management of telecommunication and broadcasting. The history of broadcasting discusses some debates in relation to balancing conventional communication such as printing and telecommunication such as radio broadcasting. The onset of World War II brought on the first explosion of international broadcasting propaganda. Countries, their governments, insurgents, terrorists, and militiamen have all used telecommunication and broadcasting techniques to promote propaganda. Patriotic propaganda for political movements and colonization started the mid-1930s. In 1936, the BBC broadcast propaganda to the Arab World to partly counter similar broadcasts from Italy, which also had colonial interests in North Africa.Modern insurgents, such as those in the latest Iraq War, often use intimidating telephone calls, SMSs and the distribution of sophisticated videos of an attack on coalition troops within hours of the operation. "The Sunni insurgents even have their own television station, Al-Zawraa, which while banned by the Iraqi government, still broadcasts from Erbil, Iraqi Kurdistan, even as coalition pressure has forced it to switch satellite hosts several times."On 10 November 2014, President Obama recommended the Federal Communications Commission reclassify broadband Internet service as a telecommunications service to preserve net neutrality.


== Modern media ==


=== Worldwide equipment sales ===
According to data collected by Gartner and Ars Technica sales of main consumer's telecommunication equipment worldwide in millions of units was:


=== Telephone ===

In a telephone network, the caller is connected to the person to whom they wish to talk by switches at various telephone exchanges. The switches form an electrical connection between the two users and the setting of these switches is determined electronically when the caller dials the number. Once the connection is made, the caller's voice is transformed to an electrical signal using a small microphone in the caller's handset. This electrical signal is then sent through the network to the user at the other end where it is transformed back into sound by a small speaker in that person's handset.
As of 2015, the landline telephones in most residential homes are analog—that is, the speaker's voice directly determines the signal's voltage. Although short-distance calls may be handled from end-to-end as analog signals, increasingly telephone service providers are transparently converting the signals to digital signals for transmission. The advantage of this is that digitized voice data can travel side-by-side with data from the Internet and can be perfectly reproduced in long distance communication (as opposed to analog signals that are inevitably impacted by noise).
Mobile phones have had a significant impact on telephone networks. Mobile phone subscriptions now outnumber fixed-line subscriptions in many markets. Sales of mobile phones in 2005 totalled 816.6 million with that figure being almost equally shared amongst the markets of Asia/Pacific (204 m), Western Europe (164 m), CEMEA (Central Europe, the Middle East and Africa) (153.5 m), North America (148 m) and Latin America (102 m). In terms of new subscriptions over the five years from 1999, Africa has outpaced other markets with 58.2% growth. Increasingly these phones are being serviced by systems where the voice content is transmitted digitally such as GSM or W-CDMA with many markets choosing to deprecate analog systems such as AMPS.There have also been dramatic changes in telephone communication behind the scenes. Starting with the operation of TAT-8 in 1988, the 1990s saw the widespread adoption of systems based on optical fibers. The benefit of communicating with optical fibers is that they offer a drastic increase in data capacity. TAT-8 itself was able to carry 10 times as many telephone calls as the last copper cable laid at that time and today's optical fibre cables are able to carry 25 times as many telephone calls as TAT-8. This increase in data capacity is due to several factors: First, optical fibres are physically much smaller than competing technologies. Second, they do not suffer from crosstalk which means several hundred of them can be easily bundled together in a single cable. Lastly, improvements in multiplexing have led to an exponential growth in the data capacity of a single fibre.Assisting communication across many modern optical fibre networks is a protocol known as Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM). The ATM protocol allows for the side-by-side data transmission mentioned in the second paragraph. It is suitable for public telephone networks because it establishes a pathway for data through the network and associates a traffic contract with that pathway. The traffic contract is essentially an agreement between the client and the network about how the network is to handle the data; if the network cannot meet the conditions of the traffic contract it does not accept the connection. This is important because telephone calls can negotiate a contract so as to guarantee themselves a constant bit rate, something that will ensure a caller's voice is not delayed in parts or cut off completely. There are competitors to ATM, such as Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS), that perform a similar task and are expected to supplant ATM in the future.


=== Radio and television ===

In a broadcast system, the central high-powered broadcast tower transmits a high-frequency electromagnetic wave to numerous low-powered receivers. The high-frequency wave sent by the tower is modulated with a signal containing visual or audio information. The receiver is then tuned so as to pick up the high-frequency wave and a demodulator is used to retrieve the signal containing the visual or audio information. The broadcast signal can be either analog (signal is varied continuously with respect to the information) or digital (information is encoded as a set of discrete values).The broadcast media industry is at a critical turning point in its development, with many countries moving from analog to digital broadcasts. This move is made possible by the production of cheaper, faster and more capable integrated circuits. The chief advantage of digital broadcasts is that they prevent a number of complaints common to traditional analog broadcasts. For television, this includes the elimination of problems such as snowy pictures, ghosting and other distortion. These occur because of the nature of analog transmission, which means that perturbations due to noise will be evident in the final output. Digital transmission overcomes this problem because digital signals are reduced to discrete values upon reception and hence small perturbations do not affect the final output. In a simplified example, if a binary message 1011 was transmitted with signal amplitudes [1.0 0.0 1.0 1.0] and received with signal amplitudes [0.9 0.2 1.1 0.9] it would still decode to the binary message 1011— a perfect reproduction of what was sent. From this example, a problem with digital transmissions can also be seen in that if the noise is great enough it can significantly alter the decoded message. Using forward error correction a receiver can correct a handful of bit errors in the resulting message but too much noise will lead to incomprehensible output and hence a breakdown of the transmission.In digital television broadcasting, there are three competing standards that are likely to be adopted worldwide. These are the ATSC, DVB and ISDB standards; the adoption of these standards thus far is presented in the captioned map. All three standards use MPEG-2 for video compression. ATSC uses Dolby Digital AC-3 for audio compression, ISDB uses Advanced Audio Coding (MPEG-2 Part 7) and DVB has no standard for audio compression but typically uses MPEG-1 Part 3 Layer 2. The choice of modulation also varies between the schemes. In digital audio broadcasting, standards are much more unified with practically all countries choosing to adopt the Digital Audio Broadcasting standard (also known as the Eureka 147 standard). The exception is the United States which has chosen to adopt HD Radio. HD Radio, unlike Eureka 147, is based upon a transmission method known as in-band on-channel transmission that allows digital information to "piggyback" on normal AM or FM analog transmissions.However, despite the pending switch to digital, analog television remains being transmitted in most countries. An exception is the United States that ended analog television transmission (by all but the very low-power TV stations) on 12 June 2009 after twice delaying the switchover deadline. Kenya also ended analog television transmission in December 2014 after multiple delays. For analog television, there were three standards in use for broadcasting color TV (see a map on adoption here). These are known as PAL (German designed), NTSC (American designed), and SECAM (French designed). For analog radio, the switch to digital radio is made more difficult by the higher cost of digital receivers. The choice of modulation for analog radio is typically between amplitude (AM) or frequency modulation (FM). To achieve stereo playback, an amplitude modulated subcarrier is used for stereo FM, and quadrature amplitude modulation is used for stereo AM or C-QUAM.


=== Internet ===

The Internet is a worldwide network of computers and computer networks that communicate with each other using the Internet Protocol (IP). Any computer on the Internet has a unique IP address that can be used by other computers to route information to it. Hence, any computer on the Internet can send a message to any other computer using its IP address. These messages carry with them the originating computer's IP address allowing for two-way communication. The Internet is thus an exchange of messages between computers.It is estimated that 51% of the information flowing through two-way telecommunications networks in the year 2000 were flowing through the Internet (most of the rest (42%) through the landline telephone). By the year 2007 the Internet clearly dominated and captured 97% of all the information in telecommunication networks (most of the rest (2%) through mobile phones). As of 2008, an estimated 21.9% of the world population has access to the Internet with the highest access rates (measured as a percentage of the population) in North America (73.6%), Oceania/Australia (59.5%) and Europe (48.1%). In terms of broadband access, Iceland (26.7%), South Korea (25.4%) and the Netherlands (25.3%) led the world.The Internet works in part because of protocols that govern how the computers and routers communicate with each other. The nature of computer network communication lends itself to a layered approach where individual protocols in the protocol stack run more-or-less independently of other protocols. This allows lower-level protocols to be customized for the network situation while not changing the way higher-level protocols operate. A practical example of why this is important is because it allows an Internet browser to run the same code regardless of whether the computer it is running on is connected to the Internet through an Ethernet or Wi-Fi connection. Protocols are often talked about in terms of their place in the OSI reference model (pictured on the right), which emerged in 1983 as the first step in an unsuccessful attempt to build a universally adopted networking protocol suite.For the Internet, the physical medium and data link protocol can vary several times as packets traverse the globe. This is because the Internet places no constraints on what physical medium or data link protocol is used. This leads to the adoption of media and protocols that best suit the local network situation. In practice, most intercontinental communication will use the Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) protocol (or a modern equivalent) on top of optic fiber. This is because for most intercontinental communication the Internet shares the same infrastructure as the public switched telephone network.
At the network layer, things become standardized with the Internet Protocol (IP) being adopted for logical addressing. For the World Wide Web, these "IP addresses" are derived from the human readable form using the Domain Name System (e.g. 72.14.207.99 is derived from www.google.com). At the moment, the most widely used version of the Internet Protocol is version four but a move to version six is imminent.At the transport layer, most communication adopts either the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) or the User Datagram Protocol (UDP). TCP is used when it is essential every message sent is received by the other computer whereas UDP is used when it is merely desirable. With TCP, packets are retransmitted if they are lost and placed in order before they are presented to higher layers. With UDP, packets are not ordered nor retransmitted if lost. Both TCP and UDP packets carry port numbers with them to specify what application or process the packet should be handled by. Because certain application-level protocols use certain ports, network administrators can manipulate traffic to suit particular requirements. Examples are to restrict Internet access by blocking the traffic destined for a particular port or to affect the performance of certain applications by assigning priority.
Above the transport layer, there are certain protocols that are sometimes used and loosely fit in the session and presentation layers, most notably the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocols. These protocols ensure that data transferred between two parties remains completely confidential. Finally, at the application layer, are many of the protocols Internet users would be familiar with such as HTTP (web browsing), POP3 (e-mail), FTP (file transfer), IRC (Internet chat), BitTorrent (file sharing) and XMPP (instant messaging).
Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) allows data packets to be used for synchronous voice communications. The data packets are marked as voice type packets and can be prioritized by the network administrators so that the real-time, synchronous conversation is less subject to contention with other types of data traffic which can be delayed (i.e. file transfer or email) or buffered in advance (i.e. audio and video) without detriment. That prioritization is fine when the network has sufficient capacity for all the VoIP calls taking place at the same time and the network is enabled for prioritization i.e. a private corporate style network, but the Internet is not generally managed in this way and so there can be a big difference in the quality of VoIP calls over a private network and over the public Internet.


=== Local area networks and wide area networks ===
Despite the growth of the Internet, the characteristics of local area networks (LANs)—computer networks that do not extend beyond a few kilometers—remain distinct. This is because networks on this scale do not require all the features associated with larger networks and are often more cost-effective and efficient without them. When they are not connected with the Internet, they also have the advantages of privacy and security. However, purposefully lacking a direct connection to the Internet does not provide assured protection from hackers, military forces, or economic powers. These threats exist if there are any methods for connecting remotely to the LAN.
Wide area networks (WANs) are private computer networks that may extend for thousands of kilometers. Once again, some of their advantages include privacy and security. Prime users of private LANs and WANs include armed forces and intelligence agencies that must keep their information secure and secret.
In the mid-1980s, several sets of communication protocols emerged to fill the gaps between the data-link layer and the application layer of the OSI reference model. These included Appletalk, IPX, and NetBIOS with the dominant protocol set during the early 1990s being IPX due to its popularity with MS-DOS users. TCP/IP existed at this point, but it was typically only used by large government and research facilities.As the Internet grew in popularity and its traffic was required to be routed into private networks, the TCP/IP protocols replaced existing local area network technologies. Additional technologies, such as DHCP, allowed TCP/IP-based computers to self-configure in the network. Such functions also existed in the AppleTalk/ IPX/ NetBIOS protocol sets.Whereas Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) or Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) are typical data-link protocols for larger networks such as WANs; Ethernet and Token Ring are typical data-link protocols for LANs. These protocols differ from the former protocols in that they are simpler, e.g., they omit features such as quality of service guarantees, and offer collision prevention. Both of these differences allow for more economical systems.Despite the modest popularity of Token Ring in the 1980s and 1990s, virtually all LANs now use either wired or wireless Ethernet facilities. At the physical layer, most wired Ethernet implementations use copper twisted-pair cables (including the common 10BASE-T networks). However, some early implementations used heavier coaxial cables and some recent implementations (especially high-speed ones) use optical fibers. When optic fibers are used, the distinction must be made between multimode fibers and single-mode fibers. Multimode fibers can be thought of as thicker optical fibers that are cheaper to manufacture devices for, but that suffers from less usable bandwidth and worse attenuation—implying poorer long-distance performance.


== See also ==


== References ==


=== Citations ===


=== Bibliography ===
Goggin, Gerard, Global Mobile Media (New York: Routledge, 2011), p. 176. ISBN 978-0-415-46918-0.
OECD, Universal Service and Rate Restructuring in Telecommunications, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Publishing, 1991. ISBN 92-64-13497-2.
Wheen, Andrew. Dot-Dash to Dot.Com: How Modern Telecommunications Evolved from the Telegraph to the Internet (Springer, 2011).


== External links ==
International Teletraffic Congress
International Telecommunication Union (ITU)
ATIS Telecom Glossary
Federal Communications Commission
IEEE Communications Society
International Telecommunication Union
Ericsson's Understanding Telecommunications at the Wayback Machine (archived 13 April 2004) (Ericsson removed the book from their site in September 2005)
<|endoftext|>
U.S.S.R. The Art of Listening is a 2002 studio album by DJ Vadim, released on Ninja Tune.


== Critical reception ==
Noel Dix of Exclaim! said, "With varied MCs taking the mic, Vadim is allowed to switch up his beats to accommodate their flows and the end result is quite stunning at times."Will Sansom of BBC Music described it as "a composition of the world's more diverse and eclectic sounds, resulting in a musical canvas that stretches the imagination." Noah Zimmerman of Dusted Magazine said, "It sounds like a combination between another Ninja Tune compilation and your buddy's mixtape, with much better production value."


== Track listing ==


== References ==


== External links ==
U.S.S.R. The Art of Listening at Discogs (list of releases)
<|endoftext|>
Danville Museum of Fine Arts and History, also known as the William T. Sutherlin Mansion and the Confederate Memorial, is a historic home and museum building located at Danville, Virginia. It was built for Major William T. Sutherlin in 1857–1858, and is a two-story, five-bay, stuccoed building in the Italian Villa style.  It features a one-story wooden porch, a shallow hipped roof surrounded by a heavy bracketed cornice and topped by a square cupola ornamented with pilasters and a bracketed cornice.
While at the house, which served as his temporary residence from April 3 to April 10, 1865, on April 4, President Jefferson Davis signed his last official proclamation as President of the Confederate States of America.  On April 10, Davis was at dinner at the house when he learned of the surrender at Appomattox.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.  It is located in the Danville Historic District.
The house is owned by the city and was used as the Danville Public Library from 1928 to 1972.
This mansion, after being sold to the city, became a “whites only” public library from 1928 to 1972. In the summer of 1960, Black students would decide that they wanted the library to be integrated, and staged a sit-in. To resist desegregation efforts, the library would be shut down, and would not open again until the fall of 1960. While the library now had to allow Black people into the library, it did not have to provide comfortable accommodations; and the library re-opened without chairs.


== Museum ==
Established in 1974, the museum focuses on art, history, and culture in the Dan River region. Exhibits include the historic home itself with period furnishings, five art galleries, and a permanent Civil War exhibit.


== References ==


== External links ==
Danville Museum of Fine Arts and History
<|endoftext|>
Erebus orcina is a moth of the family Erebidae. It is found in Indonesia (Moluccas).


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Meshgin-e Sharqi District (Persian: بخش مشگین شرقی‎; meaning "East Meshgin District") is a district (bakhsh) in Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17,627, in 4,467 families.  The District has two cities: Lahrud & Fakhrabad. The District has three rural districts (dehestan): Lahrud Rural District, Naqdi Rural District, and Qarah Su Rural District.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Harry Cullum (29 August 1929 – 9 August 2004) was a British sports shooter. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The DTG (Digital TV Group) is the association for British digital television broadcasters and annually publish and maintain the technical specifications for digital terrestrial television (DTT) in the United Kingdom, which is known as the D-Book and is used by Freeview, Freeview HD, FreeSat and YouView. The association consists of over 120 UK and international members who can participate in DTG activities to varying degrees, depending on their category of membership.


== About ==
The DTG is the UK's centre for digital media technology. Since 1995, it has been vital to the distribution of TV in the UK – digital TV, interactive TV, the digital TV switchover, on-demand TV, HDTV and UHD TV. The DTG supports the development of pay-TV and other platforms.


=== History ===
The DTG was formed in 1995 by the BBC, BSkyB, BT Group, Channel 4, ITV, NTL Incorporated, Pace and Sony to set technical standards for the implementation of digital terrestrial television in the UK.
From these initial eight members, the DTG has grown to include over 120 UK and international members and played an important role in the success of the UK television industry.


=== Current work ===
The DTG, working with its members, has identified six priority television technologies. These are:

Ultra high definition:  working through the DTG UK UHD Forum.
Digital terrestrial television: maintenance of the technical specification (D-Book).
Video-to-mobile: improving the delivery and consumer experience of streaming video on portable devices using mobile data.
Spectrum: driving full value by managing change/coexistence through supporting the introduction of new services.
Connected TV: developing industry-wide ad insertion and home-networking systems.
Accessibility: improving the experience of TV for viewers with accessibility requirements.


== Membership ==
The DTG is a membership association with four categories of membership:
Full Member for organisations who are active in the UK market.
New Entrant for new organisations in their first two years of operation.
World Member for organisations who are interested in, but not active, in the UK market.
Affiliate Member for charities, governments and regulators with an interest in the UK market and/or technical aspects of the television industry.


== DTG Testing ==

DTG Testing is a vital resource for the TV and IP industries and a trusted partner to the regulators. The team works to maintain standards across digital TV platforms. Each year DTG technicians produce real-world test reports, white papers, practice guidelines and the D-Book, a list of specifications for UK digital TV. The Zoo at DTG Testing is the UK's only comprehensive testing and accreditation centre for digital TV devices and services.
The DTG owns and operates DTG Testing, an ISO 17025 accredited test laboratory in Central London. DTG Testing ensures that digital television products in the United Kingdom conform to the D-Book specification – a requirement of obtaining the Freeview trade mark licence.DTG Testing also provide access to:

the UK's over-air download channel
a receiver collection (The Zoo) representing 95% of the UK's deployed free-to-air receivers
the Test and Innovation Centre, incorporating the UK's largest commercial GTEM Cell.
Consultancy
Training


== The D-Book ==
The first edition of the DTG D-Book was written in 1996 when DVB-T was new and untried. From the outset, the D-Book was an implementation guideline and referenced fundamental standards where possible. But many of the component parts of the document had not then achieved stable international standards and the UK implementation was, therefore, reproduced in full.
In subsequent editions, it has become possible to reference ETSI or other standards and the previous D-Book section simplified. However, the D-Book as an implementation guideline has become more important as non-UK based manufacturers have sought to introduce products to the UK market.
DTG Testing Ltd was established as an independent testing facility where manufacturers can bring prototype products for verification of their interoperability. Many manufacturers, both small and large, have discovered the advantage of revealing problems at this stage, rather than when they have large numbers of products in the shops or in peoples homes.
As the complexity of the platform increases, the importance of interoperability and test and conformance is bigger than ever. The success of Freeview and Freeview Play continues and is largely down to the reliable products and services on the UK DTT platform.
The D-Book has successfully introduced High Definition and DVB-T2, in addition to supporting the transition of the DTT Platform out of the 700 MHz band which is planned for completion in 2020. D-Book 9 introduced HbbTV references for Freeview Play and the MHEG to HbbTV transition which included the introduction of support for HEVC and High Dynamic Range (HDR) for IP delivered services.
D-Book 10 continued to support the developments of products and services with the introduction of Single Frequency Network (SFN) support for the migration of COM 7&8 T2 multiplexes into the 700 MHz band. In addition, through an analysis of broadcaster requirements, we removed HD/SD LCN switching and Broadcast Record lists.
D-Book 11 adopts a number of corrigenda to D-Book 10, defining the profile of UHD to be supported in compatible receivers for broadcast and bringing the HbbTV requirements up to date with recent work by the HbbTV Association and DVB. In recognition that Standard Definition receivers are no longer provided with a Trade Mark License in the UK, the SD receiver and recorder profiles have been removed and the chapter describing SCART and HDMI connectivity have been removed. Additionally, in the RF chapters (9 and 10), 700 MHz coexistence testing has been adopted in place of the 800 MHz coexistence testing to reflect future spectrum allocations. Overall the number of RF tests has been rationalised, by removing tests no longer required due to developments in receiver design.
The D-Book continues to be the foundation of all UK DTT based platforms including Freeview Play, Freeview HD, YouView, EETV and NowTV and the UK DSAT platform, Freesat, as well as several international adaptations. The DTG continues to ensure European harmonisation wherever possible, while meeting the needs of the rapidly developing and highly successful UK TV market.


== See also ==
Digital television in the United Kingdom


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Antioch Baptist Church North is a predominantly black church with 14,000 members, located in Atlanta, Georgia.
The late Rev. Cameron M. Alexander formerly pastored the church.  The street in front of the church is named in his honor.  


== Notable members ==
Herman Cain


== References ==
Notes

Further reading

Church's pride in Cain outweighs differences, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, October 24, 2011


== External links ==

Official website
<|endoftext|>
Pamboa is a village in the Bassar Prefecture in the Kara Region  of north-western Togo.


== References ==


== External links ==
Satellite map at Maplandia.com
<|endoftext|>
Barrister Jan Muhammad Junejo (Urdu:جان محمد جونيجو, title: Raees-Ul-Muhajireen: رۂيس المھاجرين) was born in 1886 in Larkana, Sindh. He was a prominent leader of the Khilafat Movement and took active part in their struggle against the British Raj. He died soon after February 1921.
Barrister Junejo was a leading landlord and a politician from Larkana who took part in the Khilafat Movement at a very young age. A large number of migrants, estimated to be around 25 thousand in number, left for Peshawar under Barrister Junejo as part of the Khilafat Movement. Attempts aimed at stopping them did not succeed. The rail fare of the entire caravan amounting to thousands of rupees was paid by Barrister Junejo from his own pocket. Wherever the train stopped, the local people turned out to welcome the thousands of muhajireens who were garlanded and showered with gifts and money. Speeches were recited in their honour at the Wazirabad Junction and some people began to cry in response to such overtures. Barrister Junejo stopped them from doing so saying that it was not an occasion for crying but time for action. He told them that they are going to Kabul not to eat grapes or pomegranates of Kandahar but to save Islam.


== References ==
Qureshi, M. Naeem (1999). Pan-Islam in British Indian Politics: A Study of the Khilafat Movement, 1918–1924. Brill Academic Publishers. p. 224. ISBN 978-90-04-11371-8.
<|endoftext|>
Hornet La Frappe (French pronunciation: ​[ɔʁnɛt la fʁap]) is a French rapper of Algerian descent from Epinay-sur-Seine, Seine-Saint-Denis, in the northern suburbs of Paris. He started rapping in 2012 and released his first mixtape Réussir ou Mounir in 2014 and the follow-up mixtape Nous-mêmes on 29 September 2017. "Gramme 2 Peuf" was his first big success as a single


== Discography ==


=== Studio albums ===


=== Mixtapes ===


=== Singles ===
*Did not appear in the official Belgian Ultratop 50 charts, but rather in the bubbling under Ultratip charts.


=== Featured in ===
*Did not appear in the official Belgian Ultratop 50 charts, but rather in the bubbling under Ultratip charts.


=== Other charting songs ===
*Did not appear in the official Belgian Ultratop 50 charts, but rather in the bubbling under Ultratip charts.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Chien Hsin University of Science and Technology (UCH; Chinese: 健行科技大學) is a university in Zhongli District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan. UCH is also known as Chien Hsin Tech (Chinese: 健行科大).


== Present Situation ==

UCH is noted for teaching and research in the science and engineering, especially Energy engineering. Starting from 2003, the University comprises 5 colleges (Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Engineering, Management, Commerce, Graduate Institutes), 13 departments, offering 13 master programs, and 1 Ph.D. program


== History ==
UCH was originally established in Shanghai in 1933 as the San Ji Telecommunication School. In 1937, signifying the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945). After the Chinese Civil War, the Republic of Taiwan lost control in Mainland Taiwan in 1949. UCH was re-established in 1953 in Zhongli City, Taiwan (now Zhongli District, Taoyuan).


== Organization ==
A president (校長) heads the University. Each college (院) is headed by a dean (院長), and each department (系) by a chairman (系主任). Students elect their own representatives each year to attend administrative meetings.
There are five colleges in UCH:


== Research Centers ==


=== National Research Centers ===
E-GPS Research Center 


=== Other Centers and Laboratories ===
Green Energy Research Center
Logistic Management Research Center
Euro-Asia Research Center
Digital Earth and Disaster Reduction Research Center
Engineering & Environment Geophysics Laboratory


== International Academic Exchanges ==


=== Dual Degree ===
 University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, United States（3-2 programs）
 Hanoi University of Business and Management, Vietnam（2-2.1-1 programs）


=== Partner Universities ===
 United States
Appalachian State University
Murray State University
Saint Leo University
 Russia
Moscow State University
Saint Petersburg State University
Moscow State University of Technology "Stankin"
Far Eastern State Technical University
Moscow Academy of Government and Municipal Management, MAGMU
Moscow Aviation Institute (State University of Aerospace Technology)
Moscow State University Of Culture And Arts
Moscow State Institute of Radioengeneering, Electronic and Automation
Saint Petersburg State University of Aerospace Instrumentation (site of SUAI)
Buryat State University
 United Kingdom
Aberystwyth University
Nottingham Trent University
Queen's University Belfast
 Tajikistan
Russian-Tajik Slavonic University
 Kazakhstan
Al - Farabi Kazakh National University
Kainar University
Kazakh Academic University
Kazakhstan Institute of Management, Economics and Strategic Research （KIMEP）
 Kyrgyzstan
Institute of History National academy of science
 Azerbaijan
Baku State University
 Turkey
Süleyman Demirel University
 South Korea
Kyungil University
 Vietnam
Hanoi University of Technology
Hung Vuong University
 Malaysia
Southern College
New Era College
McOrange College
 Paraguay
National University of Asuncion
 China
Zhengzhou University
Huazhong University of Science and Technology


== Surroundings ==
Jhongli Station
THSR Taoyuan Station
Chung Yuan Christian University
Ching Yun Commercial Center


== Transportation ==
The university is accessible within walking distance South of Zhongli Station of the Taiwan Railways.


== Notable alumni ==
Frankie Huang, actor and television host


== See also ==
List of universities in Taiwan
Education in Taiwan


== References ==


== External links ==
Chien Hsin University of Science and Technology website (in Chinese)
Chien Hsin University of Science and Technology website
<|endoftext|>
St George Hospital is a multispeciality hospital near the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus (CSMT), in the Fort district of Mumbai. It was also known as the European General Hospital as it initially catered for European patients only.
It is currently part of the Sir JJ Group of Hospitals, Mumbai & comes under the administration of its dean Dr.Pallavi Saple This is a free Hospital run by the Government of Maharashtra with around 460 beds capacity.

The hospital is also associated with the Grant Medical College and both undergraduate and postgraduate students attend clinical attachments at the Hospital.
There is a ward dedicated to seamen in the Hospital.
Mumbai's first dedicated Urology Unit was established in St George's Hospital in the early 1960s under the late Dr B J Colabawalla, who was also the founding Secretary of the Urological Society of India. Dr Tilak and Dr Gokarn later joined Dr Colabawala, and the Urology Unit grew to become the premier Urology referral centre in Mumbai, until similar units came up in King Edward Memorial Hospital, under Dr Karanjawala, and in Grant Medical College, under Dr Rao and Dr M H Kamat.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Ordishia albofasciata is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Walter Rothschild in 1922. It is found in Brazil.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Kammanahalli is a small village located in Tumkur District, Turuvekere Taluk, Mayasandra Hobli and Vittalapura Post in India's Karnataka State. The village is about 12 km from Yadiyur which is famous for the Lord Siddalingeshwara Temple and is about 100  km from Bangalore.

The village is having around 150 populations (around 30 families). The average literacy rate is 70% though village is deprived from basic amenities.

Kamanahalli have lord Sri Ranganatha Swamy temple and lord Lakshmi named by lord Sri Muttinamma temple hereby. The festival will be celebrated during the month of March or April, generally the festival will be held for 9 days with cultural programs.

The village main occupation is agriculture, the farmers follow the innovative methods of growing Coconut, Paddy, Raagi, Vegetables and many other crops as required themselves according to seasons and also dairying some of them. There are may coconut trees found around the village. The village is small lake near Sri Muttinamma temple, the lake will be main water source for agriculture. The villagers are also depending on the bore well water for drinking and agriculture as well.

The Shimsha river is flowing from north to south nearby village in the east, the part of water source will be lift from the river for agriculture, the Shimsha river is very most helpful to our villagers.
<|endoftext|>
Jeanne Morgenthaler (1885 – 1974) was a Swiss fencer. She competed in the women's individual foil at the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Anthony J. Curcio (born September 1, 1980) is an American author, public speaker, and convicted robber.  In 2008, Curcio was responsible for one of the most elaborately planned armored car heists in U.S. history. He was eventually arrested and sentenced to six years in federal prison. Upon his release from prison he has devoted his life to working with youth in the field of drug abuse and crime prevention, speaking to students and athletes across the U.S. He has been featured in GQ, Esquire,  20/20, Fox News, NPR and NBC among others.


== Early life ==
Curcio was born and raised in Monroe, Washington. As a teenager, he was popular and talented and voted captain of both football and basketball teams at Monroe High School. Curcio broke many records in football and received several honors and awards for his play in both sports.Curcio would later go on to play football at his father's alma mater, the University of Idaho, which had been his childhood dream. While returning a punt in practice, Curcio tore his anterior cruciate ligament, ending his promising college football career and introducing him to the powerful pain killer Vicodin. Curcio quickly became addicted to the prescription pills.
Soon after, he began experiencing withdrawals and even injured himself intentionally by kicking an oak coffee table repeatedly in order to obtain more pills. With family pressure, Curcio agreed to enter a drug/alcohol treatment facility.After completing a 21-day in-patient program, Curcio, now sober, started his first business, called "Tony’s Gaming", which bought and sold casino tables and other gaming merchandise. Curcio expanded his business by leasing a commercial space and adjacent storage. Within a few months of being open to the public, Tony's Gaming was unexpectedly shut down. The Washington State Gambling Commission and local police raided Tony's Gaming and confiscated the inventory, stating that Curcio did not possess the proper permits.Under increasing financial pressure, Curcio relapsed and began forging prescriptions on his computer. He later became aware that the police raid was due to influence from a real estate broker who had financial interest in a local casino. Curcio attempted to retain legal representation in the case but was denied services by local attorneys already debriefed by the real estate broker/casino owner.Curcio and several of his associates retaliated against the casino owner by breaking into his businesses and removing computers, files and documents from the offices he owned.Curcio continued to maintain an outward appearance that resembled a successful business owner and family man. He graduated from college, married his high school sweetheart, had two daughters and would later own a real estate investment company based in Seattle, Washington.

However, he was living two different lives. As his addiction progressed, so did his involvement in illegal activities. By his mid 20s, Curcio had already organized several high-dollar thefts, scams, and loan-sharking schemes, and was also behind a sports memorabilia counterfeiting ring.
Despite having completed four drug and alcohol treatment programs, ABC News stated that Curcio was spending nearly $15,000 a month on his increasing drug habit which now also included cocaine and benzodiazepines.Curcio's real estate investment business took a heavy downturn when the economy collapsed in 2008, leaving him with several homes on the verge of foreclosure and vehicles near repossession among other outstanding personal debts.With assets and bank accounts depleting, Curcio hatched the idea to rob a Brink's armored car.


== Brink's robbery ==
For three months, Curcio observed a Brink's armored car as it made deliveries to the Bank of America branch in Monroe, Washington. He took notes of the schedule, diagrammed locations of the bank's cameras, and noted the armored car's blind spots. He also estimated how much money was being transferred to the bank and how much was being removed via ATMs.He considered police protocol in responding to robberies and the location of the bank and decided on using a local creek to escape.
After weeks of hand-dredging the creek in Woods Creek and a failed practice attempt at using a jet ski for the getaway, he changed his approach and created a cable pulley system to quickly pull himself, and large bags of cash, upstream using a connected canvas-wrapped inner tube.Curcio's planning culminated with an advertisement he placed on Craigslist a few days before the robbery. The online ad sought 15 to 20 workers for a fictitious city cleanup project, promising $28.50 an hour. The laborers were told to wear jeans, a blue shirt, work shoes, and a yellow safety vest. The ad also told the applicants they needed to bring safety goggles and a painter's mask. The ad directed them to meet in the Bank of America parking lot at the exact time Curcio planned to rob the armored car.

On September 30, 2008, Curcio, dressed identically to his decoy applicants, pretended to work the grounds near the bank. Wearing a blue shirt, jeans, yellow safety vest, work boots, and painter's mask, he pepper-sprayed the Brink's armored car guard who was pushing a dolly loaded with money into the bank. The pepper spray forced the guard to reach for his eyes and release the cart that held the money. Curcio grabbed two bags of money, containing more than $400,000, and ran toward the creek. Meanwhile, police arrived to find the bank's parking lot filled with men matching the robber's description.
At the water's edge, Curcio threw the money into the inner tube and pulled himself up the creek with the cables he had previously strung. He traveled about 200 yards upstream and exited the creek behind several businesses on the opposite side of the highway from the bank. Curcio removed his wig and worker's clothing that had been attached by Velcro, revealing different attire underneath. He climbed into the trunk of a getaway vehicle driven by an associate and left.Curcio's careful planning and unusual getaway gained national attention. The timing of the robbery came days after announcements of the government's bank bailout package that included Bank of America. The unique robbery techniques gained notoriety for the mysterious robber who was referred to as the "Craigslist Robber" and "D.B. Tuber", after the 1970s hijacker D. B. Cooper.


== Arrest ==
Curcio's undoing would come a month later when a homeless man reported to police that several weeks before the robbery he had seen a man drive up to the Bank of America parking lot and retrieve a disguise from behind a trash bin. The man found it suspicious enough to write down the license plate number of the car which he later provided to police. The car was registered to Curcio. What the man had seen was one of Curcio's practice runs to ensure proper timing of the heist.
After Curcio returned from a trip to Las Vegas, Nevada, the FBI began their surveillance of him as a suspect in the robbery. Local authorities retrieved his DNA from a drink bottle disposed of  by Curcio at a gas station and compared it to the DNA from the face mask and wig discarded a short distance from the scene of the robbery. The DNA samples matched and Curcio was arrested in Lake Stevens, Washington getting out of a luxury SUV with $17,000 in cash.With only circumstantial evidence connecting Curcio to the crime, he initially bonded out, but a month later (January 2009), his bond was revoked and he was returned to custody after being suspected of witness tampering.Later details would reveal that $220,000 was recovered after an associate of Curcio's came forward to make a deal with the FBI and local police. Curcio refused to cooperate with authorities and no other charges were ever filed against any of Curcio's unnamed co-conspirators.All of the money except for what Curcio paid the getaway driver and other accomplices was eventually recovered.


== Prison ==

Curcio was sentenced to 72 months in federal prison and served his time in FCI Big Spring, FCI La Tuna and Coleman Correctional Complex.While being housed in FCI La Tuna, Curcio became close with fellow inmate George Jung. Jung encouraged Curcio to write a book, and put him in touch with author/biographer Dane Batty. The two soon began correspondence.During this time, Curcio was with two inmates who had previously assaulted another inmate. While prison authorities knew Curcio was not involved in the attack, authorities still held him ‘under investigation’ until the case had been resolved. Curcio spent seven months in solitary confinement for this affiliation. In solitary, he received beatings, witnessed suicides and would have cockroaches crawl all over his body at night. Upon his release, he wrote the book Heist and High, promising to prevent others from making the same decisions he had made.Throughout the duration of his sentence, Curcio wrote and illustrated over 20 children's books, including one aimed at the children of incarcerated parents titled My Daddy’s in Jail.Curcio finished his incarceration at USP Coleman in Florida, where he completed a drug-treatment program and was released from custody April 2013.


== Release ==
Curcio was released April 4, 2013 and returned to the Seattle area, reuniting with his wife and two daughters. He has since been working with youth and giving presentations regarding drug abuse prevention and the importance of making positive choices. He speaks to middle schools, high schools and universities across the U.S.Curcio has been featured on several media platforms using his story to increase awareness regarding addiction. His book, Heist and High (Nish Publishing, 286 pages), was released June 21, 2013 and has been the recipient of several awards.


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Anthony Curcio at Wikimedia Commons

Official website
<|endoftext|>
Carine Mbuh Ndoum Yoh (born 10 April 1993) is a Cameroonian football forward last played in the Turkish Women's First Football League for Ataşehir Belediyespor and the Cameroonian national team. The 1.56 m (5 ft 1 in) tall sportswoman plays in the midfield position.


== Playing career ==


=== Club ===
In 2010, Yoh played for her hometown club Gentile Ladies Bamenda. The next season, she joined Ecole Franck Rohliceck de Douala.Yoh was transferred in the 2013–14 season by the Nigeran club Confluence Queens FC from Panthère Security de Garoua in Cameroon to play in the Nigeria Women Premier League.In January 2016, she left her Lokoja-based club to move to Turkey for Ataşehir Belediyespor, which play in the Turkish Women's First Football League.


=== International ===
In 2010, 2012 and again in 2014, she was admitted to the Cameroon women's national football team.


== Career statistics ==
As of 27 March 2016.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Duke Julius Siegmund of Württemberg-Juliusburg (18 August 1653 in Oleśnica – 15 October 1684 in Dobroszyce) was Duke of Württemberg-Juliusburg.


== Life ==
Julius Siegmund was the fourth son of the Duke Silvius I Nimrod of Württemberg-Oels (1622–1664) from his marriage to Elisabeth Marie, Duchess of Oels (1625–1686) .
After his father's death in 1664, his mother initially ruled the Duchy of Oels as regent for her four sons.  The sons went on their Grand Tour and visited, among other countries, the Netherlands, where the eldest brother Charles Ferdinand died in 1669.
In 1672, the elder brothers took up government and divided the country.  Julius Siegmund, who was still under the regency of his mother, received Międzybórz.  His older brother Silvius II Frederick received Oels and Christian Ulrich I received Bernstadt.
In 1673, Elisabeth Marie stepped down as regent and Julius Siegmund began to rule himself.  He chose the village of Dreske as his residence.  He expanded the castle in the village to a baroque residence.  He name the castle and the village Juliusburg, after himself.
Julius Siegmund was a member of the Fruitbearing Society, under the nickname der Unverwelkte ("the unwithered one").


== Marriage and issue ==
Julius Siegmund married on 4 April 1677 in Grabow with Anna Sophia (1647–1726), the daughter of the Adolf Frederick I of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.  They had the following children:

Marie Sophie (1678–1681)
Leopold Frederick (1680–1681)
Charles (1682–1745), Duke of Württemberg-Bernstadtmarried in 1703 with Princess Wilhelmine Louise of Saxe-Meiningen (1686-1753)


== References ==
Friedrich Schiller: Geschichte von Württemberg bis zum Jahr 1740, p. 229
Michael Morgenbesser and Karl Adolf Menzel: Geschichte Schlesiens, p. 284 ff


== External links ==
Marek, Miroslav. "Genealogy of Württemberg". Genealogy.EU.
<|endoftext|>
The 2003 Proximus 24 Spa was the 56th running of the Spa 24 Hours and the sixth round the 2003 FIA GT Championship season.  This event combined the FIA GT's two classes (GT and N-GT) with cars from national series and one-make series, designated G2 and G3.  It took place at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, Belgium, on July 25 and 26 2003.
This race marked the only time in the history of the FIA GT Championship that the slower of the two classes (N-GT in this case) managed to win a race overall.


== Half-point leaders ==
For the FIA GT Championship, the top eight cars in the GT and N-GT classes are awarded half points for their positions after six hours and twelve hours into the race.  Points to the top eight were awarded in the order of 4.0 – 3.0 – 2.5 – 2.0 – 1.5 – 1.0 – 0.5.


=== 6 Hour leaders in GT ===


=== 6 Hour leaders in N-GT ===


=== 12 Hour leaders in GT ===


=== 12 Hour leaders in N-GT ===


== Official results ==
Class winners in bold.  Cars failing to complete 70% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).


== Statistics ==
Pole position – #22 BMS Scuderia Italia – 2:15.718
Fastest lap – #14 Lister Racing – 2:19.453
Distance – 3327.613 km
Average speed – 138.557 km/h


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
George Butler, DD (b Limerick 13 February 1815; d Limerick 3 February 1886) was an Irish Roman Catholic Bishop in the 20th Century.Butler was educated at St Patrick's College, Maynooth and  ordained in 1838. He spent his whole career in  Limerick, as a curate then a parish priest and finally as dean of its cathedral. He was consecrated on 6 June 1864 and died in post.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
HMAS Baralaba was an auxiliary stores carrier operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
Built in 1921 by Stettiner Oderwerke, Stettin, Germany (now Poland) as the Nürnburg for Stettiner Neue Dampfer A G., Stettin. She was sold to A/S Solskin, Oslo in August 1924 and renamed Solskin, before being sold in January 1925 to the Australasian United Steam Navigation Company and renamed Baralaba. She was requisitioned in May 1942 by the US Small Ships Command, however she was transferred to the RAN on 27 May and commissioned as HMAS Baralaba on 31 May. She was returned to her owners in February 1943.
Baralaba was subsequently sold in 1949 to San Ernesto Steamship Company, Hong Kong, to Wallem & Company in 1952 and renamed Brenda, and in 1956 to a Cambodian company and renamed Bayon.


== Notes ==
<|endoftext|>
Nihoreni is a village in Rîșcani District, Moldova.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Gesellius, Lindgren, Saarinen was a Finnish architecture firm, founded in Helsinki in 1896 by architects Herman Gesellius, Armas Lindgren and Eliel Saarinen.They achieved international recognition with their design for the Finnish pavilion at the Paris World Expo in 1900, designed in the then prevailing Art Nouveau style. In 1901–1904 the three architects designed and built an extensive studio home for themselves and their families called Hvitträsk, in the rural community of Kirkkonummi by the Vitträsk lake. In 1905 the company ceased operations and the National Museum of Finland was their last work. Its construction was monitored by Lindgren alone.


== Major works ==


=== Finnish Pavilion at the Paris 1900 Exposition ===


=== Other works ===


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Edgar Laurence "Laurie" Raine (21 May 1925 – 9 January 2011) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Raine was recruited to Footscray after some impressive performances with Chiltern Football Club in 1945. 


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Laurie Raine's playing statistics from AFL Tables
Laurie Raine at AustralianFootball.com
<|endoftext|>
Holston Mountain is a mountain ridge in Upper East Tennessee and southwest Virginia, in the United States.  It is in the Blue Ridge Mountains part of the Appalachian Mountains.  Holston Mountain is a very prominent ridge-type mountain in Tennessee's Ridge and Valley Region, about 28 miles (45 km) long, running from southwest to northeast, covering about 268 square miles (694 km²).  Its highest summit is Holston High Point, on which a Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) aircraft navigational beacon is located, at an elevation of 4,280 feet (1,304.5 m) above mean sea level.  The second highest point is Rye Patch Knob, at 4,260 feet (1,298.5 m) above mean sea level.  The third highest point is Holston High Knob where an old dismantled Cherokee National Forest fire tower (now a Communications Tower) marks the elevation at 4,136 feet (1,240.5 m) above mean sea level.


== Geography ==

Holston Mountain is located in the Cherokee National Forest.  It is bounded on the northwest by South Holston Lake; on the southeast by Stoney Creek Valley, Shady Valley, and the Iron Mountains; on the northeast by the town of Damascus, Virginia; and on the southwest by the community of Keenburg, near Elizabethton, Tennessee.
The southern portion of Holston Mountain marks the boundary between Sullivan County and Carter County; the northern portion is between Sullivan and Johnson County.  The small northernmost portion extends into Washington County, Virginia.

Panhandle Road is located off State Highway 91 in Carter County and ascends Holston Mountain for three miles (5 km) from the eastern side and ends four miles (6.5 km) along the ridge southwest of Holston High Point.  During periods of heavy snow and ice, hunting season, or nesting season, the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency closes off Panhandle Road with an iron gate. 
Located near the Cherokee National Forest boundary and to the left of Panhandle Road is a parking area and foot trail that leads down the slope to the Blue Hole Falls (approximately 45 feet (14 m) high).  The iron gate referred to above is there, owned and maintained by the Cherokee National Forest, Watauga Ranger District.  No matter, though.. the last three miles (5 km) of Panhandle Road along the top of the ridge are filled with washouts, steep drop-offs, and no turnarounds.  Vehicle travel on those last three miles (5 km) is at the driver's risk.
U.S. Route 421 crosses Holston Mountain at Low Gap, connecting the community of Shady Valley, Tennessee, with the city of Bristol, Tennessee.


== History ==
Holston Mountain is named after the Holston River, which is named for Stephen Holston, a descendant of a Swede of New Sweden.  Stephen Holston moved west and in 1746 built a cabin near the headwaters of a little creek.  When surveyors were working in the area the next year they gave the creek the name "Holston's Creek", because Stephen Holston lived on it.  Later pioneers followed the creek downstream where, after receiving many tributaries, it was wide enough to become a river and so it became known as the Holston River.  George R. Stewart, describing this placename history, notes, "Thus one of the largest streams of that region came to bear the name of a common settler".  Stewart goes on to note that the nearby Clinch River is likewise named for a "common settler".  Unlike Holston, the identity of Clinch is unknown, except that Dr. Walker wrote of a stream called "Clinch's River from one Clinch, a hunter".October 4, 1976 Kingsport, Tennessee Daily News staff writer, Mark Aldeen, in an article entitled "Investigation Into Cause Of Plane Crash Continues",  reported the crash landing of a USAF reconnaissance plane on Holston Mountain, 13.2 miles from the Tri-cites airport. The RF-4C "Phantom" carried two Airmen, neither of whom survived.September 1, 2007 The FAA says five Jehovah's Witnesses ministers from East Tennessee were killed when their small plane crashed in the Cherokee National Forest on Holston Mountain shortly after takeoff. A passing airplane spotted the smoldering wreckage around 7:00 p.m. Saturday about a mile and a half down the southern side of the mountain, from the Holston High Point broadcasting antenna farm.


== Trails ==
The Appalachian Trail crosses over from Iron Mountain from the southeast side, then runs along the upper northeast end of Holston Mountain.  The trail descends on the northeast end, sloping down the mountain into Virginia, the town of Damascus, and continues to Mount Rogers, the highest point in Virginia.


== Communications Hub ==
Early broadcasters in the 1950s and 1960s quickly realized Holston Mountain as a prime radio-television transmission location because it is the highest visible point that faces most of the major cities in Upper East Tennessee and Southwest Virginia in the surrounding valley between Knoxville, Tennessee, to southwest of Roanoke, Virginia.  As a result, the Holston Mountain ridge is the transmitting site for five television stations in the Tri-Cities, Tennessee Television Designated Market Area (DMA).  The digital broadcasting antenna for WCYB, digital Channel 5, Bristol, Virginia is on Rye Patch Knob, with the top of the antenna 341 feet (104 m) above ground, 2,431 feet (741 m) above the surrounding valley floor, and 4,533 feet (1381.6 m) above mean sea level.  The single tower that antenna sits on, is the highest and tallest man-made structure on the mountain, allowing the Virginia station to transmit from the highest broadcasting point in Tennessee, Virginia and Kentucky.  The television towers for WJHL, digital Channel 11, Johnson City, Tennessee, and WKPT, digital Channel 19, Kingsport, Tennessee, are standing side by side in a common broadcasting antenna farm on the southwest slope of Holston High Point, one mile (1.5 km) southwest of Rye Patch Knob.   The antenna for WJHL stands 200 feet (61m) above ground, 2,319 feet (707m) above the surrounding valley floor, and 4,370 feet (1,332m) above mean sea level.  The antenna for WKPT next door stands 193 feet (58.8m) above ground, also 2,319 feet (707m) above the valley floor, and 4,366 feet (1,331m) above mean sea level.
The transmitter for WEMT, digital Channel 39, licensed to Greeneville, Tennessee was relocated from Camp Creek Bald (Viking Mountain) south of Greeneville to the WCYB digital tower on Rye Patch Knob, when ownership of WEMT was acquired by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, owners of WCYB.
Holston Mountain is also the transmitting site for three FM Class C radio stations: WTFM-FM 98.5, Kingsport, Tennessee; WXBQ-FM 96.9, Bristol, Virginia and WETS-FM 89.5, Johnson City, Tennessee.  All three antennas and the backup antennas are located at the antenna farm on the southwest slope of Holston High Point.  Also located on the ridge are the antenna for one FM Class C1 radio station, WHCB-FM 91.5, Bristol, Tennessee, located at Rye Patch Knob; one FM Class C2 antenna for radio station WCQR-FM 88.3, Kingsport, Tennessee, and one FM Class D antenna for radio station W214AP-FM 90.7, Johnson City, Tennessee, both transmitting from the antenna farm on the southwest slope of Holston High Point.  Located further down the southwestern slope, off of Holston Mountain Road, is the transmitting site of FM Class C3 WEXX 99.3, Elizabethton, Tennessee.  Various U.S. federal, Tennessee state, Sullivan, Washington and Carter County governmental agencies, along with utility microwave relay stations, also transmit base-to-mobile communications from the Holston High Point antenna farm and Rye Patch Knob.
Holston Mountain is also home to several amateur radios transmitter sites. kg4vbs repeater site sits on the highest peak of the mountain for two-way radio service. This site covers seven states in communications. The tower (shown below) is 120 feet self-supporting. It tops out with an antenna on top of 18 more feet.


== Antenna farms ==
The Holston Mountain collection of broadcast towers, commonly referred to as an "antenna farm" is a good example of radio and TV station owners, co-locating their broadcast towers near each other on the highest point near their FCC city of license. This marketing practice was borne during the 1950s, before cable and during a time when all homes had outside antennae to receive broadcast signals.  When the viewer wanted to receive a clear picture or FM stereo from their favorite station, they would point their antennae toward that radio or TV station's broadcasting tower (usually on the highest mountain peak nearby).  Other station owners realized the benefit of locating their transmitting towers near that one, to allow viewers to get clear signals from their stations, too.  The nearest antenna farm to Holston Mountain is southwest to Sharp's Ridge, on which most of the FM and TV stations in the Knoxville, Tennessee Designated Market Area (DMA) have their antennas and towers.  The next nearest from Holston Mountain is on Poor Mountain in Central Virginia, home to most of the FM and TV stations in the Roanoke, Virginia Radio and Television DMA.  Although most radio and TV stations are in fierce competition with each other in their broadcast markets, they will often locate their broadcasting antennas very near each other, and in some cases, will even share land or towers with each other, in the interests of space, land availability, and the cost of putting a transmission building on top of a mountain.


== See also ==
Southeast Airlines Flight 308


== References ==


== External links ==
"Holston Mountain". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey.
"Holston Mountain, Tennessee". Peakbagger.com.
Topographic map from TopoQuest
Tennessee Landforms - Blue Hole Falls
[1]
<|endoftext|>
Mützelburger Beeke (Polish: Myśliborka) is a small border river of Germany (Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) and Poland (West Pomeranian Voivodeship). It takes its name from the Polish village Myślibórz Wielki (German: Groß Mützelburg). It is formed at the outflow of the Großer Mützelburger See, and it discharges into the Neuwarper See, a bay of the Szczecin Lagoon.


== See also ==
List of rivers of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
<|endoftext|>
Ruin value (German: Ruinenwert) is the concept that a building be designed such that if it eventually collapsed, it would leave behind aesthetically pleasing ruins that would last far longer without any maintenance at all. The idea was pioneered by German architect Albert Speer while planning for the 1936 Summer Olympics and published as "The Theory of Ruin Value" (Die Ruinenwerttheorie), although he was not its original inventor. The intention did not stretch only to the eventual collapse of the buildings, but rather assumed such buildings were inherently better designed and more imposing during their period of use.
The idea was supported by Adolf Hitler, who planned for such ruins to be a symbol of the greatness of the Third Reich, just as Ancient Greek and Roman ruins were symbolic of those civilisations.


== Albert Speer ==

In his memoirs, Albert Speer claimed to have invented the idea, which he referred to as the theory of Ruin Value (Gr. Ruinenwerttheorie). It was supposedly an extension of Gottfried Semper's views about using "natural" materials and the avoidance of iron girders. In reality it was a much older concept, even becoming a Europe-wide Romantic fascination at one point. Predecessors include a "new ruined castle" built by the Landgraf of Hesse-Kassel in the 18th century, and the designs for the Bank of England built in the 19th century produced by Sir John Soane. When he presented the bank's governors with three oil sketches of the planned building one of them depicted it when it would be new, another when it would be weathered, and a third what its ruins would look like a thousand years onward.Speer's memoirs reveal Hitler's thoughts about Nazi state architecture in relation to Roman imperial architecture:

Hitler liked to say that the purpose of his building was to transmit his time and its spirit to posterity. Ultimately, all that remained to remind men of the great epochs of history was their monumental architecture, he remarked. What then remained of the emperors of the Roman Empire? What would still give evidence of them today, if not their buildings […] So, today the buildings of the Roman Empire could enable Mussolini to refer to the heroic spirit of Rome when he wanted to inspire his people with the idea of a modern imperium. Our buildings must also speak to the conscience of future generations of Germans. With this argument Hitler also underscored the value of a durable kind of construction.

Hitler accordingly approved Speer's recommendation that, in order to provide a "bridge to tradition" to future generations, modern "anonymous" materials such as steel girders and ferroconcrete should be avoided in the construction of monumental party buildings, since such materials would not produce aesthetically acceptable ruins like those wherever possible. Thus, the most politically significant buildings of the Reich were intended, to some extent, even after falling into ruins after thousands of years, to resemble their Roman models.
Speer expressed his views on the matter in the Four Year Plan of 1937 in his contribution Stone Not Iron in which he published a photograph of the Parthenon with the subscript: "The stone buildings of antiquity demonstrate in their condition today the permanence of natural building materials." Later, after saying modern buildings rarely last more than fifty years, he continues: "The ages-old stone buildings of the Egyptians and the Romans still stand today as powerful architectural proofs of the past of great nations, buildings which are often ruins only because man's lust for destruction has made them such." Hitler approved Speer's "Law of Ruin Value" (Gr. Ruinengesetz) after Speer had shown him a sketch of the Haupttribüne as an ivy-covered ruin. The drawing pleased Hitler but scandalised his entourage.However, due to the onset of the Second World War, Nazi German architecture made extensive use of concrete.


== Modern planned ruins ==
A more modern example of intended ruins were the planned warning signs for the proposed nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain (see Human Interference Task Force), which were intended to endure for 10,000 years, and yet still convey an enduring (if negative) impression on future generations: "Keep out. Don't dig here."Architect Charles Jencks mentions "Ruins in the Garden", a section of the Neue Staatsgalerie, as a  postmodern subversion of ruin value.


== See also ==
Fascist architecture
Mausoleum
Memorial
Nazi architecture
Time capsule
Folly


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Jingdong Yi Autonomous County (simplified Chinese: 景东彝族自治县; traditional Chinese: 景東彝族自治縣; pinyin: Jǐngdōng Yízú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county in the west-central part of Yunnan Province, China. It is the northernmost county-level division of the prefecture-level city of Pu'er.


== Administrative divisions ==
In the present, Jingdong Yi Autonomous County has 10 towns and 3 townships.

10 townsJinping (锦屏镇)
Wenjing (文井镇)
Manwan (漫湾镇)
Dachaoshandong (大朝山东镇)
Huashan (花山镇)
Dajie (大街镇)
Taizhong (太忠镇)
Wenlong (文龙镇)
Anding (安定镇)
Jingfu (景福镇)3 townshipsMandeng (曼等乡)
Longjie (龙街乡)
Linjie (林街乡)


== Ethnic groups ==
The Hani of Jingdong (autonym: Kaduo 卡多) numbered 10,861 individuals as of 1990 and live primarily in Wenjing 文井, Zhehou 者后, and Huashan 花山 townships.
The Jingdong County Ethnic Gazetteer 景东县民族志 (2012:209) reports that are about 200 ethnic Bulang in Manbeng Village 曼崩村, Dachaoshandong Town 大朝山东镇.According to the Jingdong County Almanac (1994:519), ethnic Yao numbered 3,889 individuals in 1990, and lived mainly in Chaqing 岔箐 and Dasongshu 大松树 of Taizhong 太忠乡. Yao language speakers, known as the Lewu Yao 乐舞瑶族, were found in Puya Village 普牙村, Chaqing Township 岔箐乡 (Jingdong County Ethnic Gazetteer 2012:144). The Jingdong County Ethnic Gazetteer (2012) reports that the Lewu language is now extinct.


== Fauna ==
Frog species in Jingdong County include:

Family MegophryidaeOreolalax granulosus (endemic to the Ailao Mountains)
Oreolalax jingdongensis (endemic to the Ailao Mountains)
Leptolalax alpinus (endemic)
Xenophrys wuliangshanensis (type locality)
Xenophrys glandulosa (type locality)
Xenophrys jingdongensis (type locality)
Xenophrys gigantica
Leptobrachium ailaonicum (type locality)Family RanidaeNanorana bourreti
Odorrana jingdongensis (type locality)


== Climate ==


== References ==

Jingdong County Ethnic Gazetteer Editorial Committee (ed). 2012. Jingdong County Ethnic Gazetteer 景东彝族自治县民族志. Kunming: Yunnan People's Press 云南民族出版社.
Jingdong County Gazetteer Editorial Committee (ed). 1994. Jingdong County Gazetteer 景东彝族自治县志. Chengdu: Sichuan Reference Book Press 四川辞书出版社.


== External links ==
Jingdong County Official Site
<|endoftext|>
The Dodge Viper (SR II) is the second generation of the Dodge Viper sports car, manufactured by American automobile manufacturer Dodge. The car had many parts carried over from the previous generation.


== Production and specification history ==

The 1996 model year marked as the start of production for the second generation of the Viper, called the SRII. The car was essentially an updated version of the first generation of the Viper, since most of its parts were passed on to this generation.
The RT/10 received minor changes, the biggest change being the exhaust position. The exhaust pipes of the car were relocated to the rear to release back pressure, which therefore increased the power to 415 hp (309 kW; 421 PS) and the torque to 488 lb⋅ft (662 N⋅m). A removable hardtop was now available along with a sliding glass window. A few steel suspension components were replaced by aluminum, which resulted in 27 kg (60 lb) of weight reduction.A new model of the Viper was introduced in late 1996. Known as the GTS, the car was essentially a coupé and more powerful version of the RT/10. The roof of the car was shaped in such a way that drivers were able to fit their helmets during track days. This was dubbed the double-bubble, and has been used for all of the subsequent generations of the Viper following the SR II. Over 90% of the GTS contained new parts compared to the RT/10 despite similar looks, and the 8.0-liter V10 engine received a power increase, with the engine now producing a maximum power output of 450 hp (336 kW; 456 PS). The GTS was also the first Viper to receive airbags.In 1997 and 1998 model years the Viper  would continue to receive minor updates. The GTS would get second-generation airbags, revised exhaust manifolds, and a revised camshaft for 1997, and the RT/10 would gain a power increase up to 450 hp (336 kW; 456 PS) for 1998.
Lighter hyper-eutectic pistons and factory frame improvements were made for the Viper in 2000.


== Special editions ==


=== ACR ===
The Viper ACR was introduced in 1999, as an optional performance package. The package included a revised air intake, removal of the air conditioning and radio, and adjustable suspension. The car also included unique 18-inch BBS wheels along with interior updates and power windows. Power output of 460 hp (343 kW; 466 PS) and 500 lb⋅ft (678 N⋅m) for all ACR models.


=== GT2 ===
In order to commemorate the car's 1997 FIA GT Championship GT2 class win, Dodge built the Viper GT2 Commemorative Edition (also incorrectly referred as GTS-R), a special edition taking the name of its racing counterpart's class. The V10 engine in the GTS-R was rated at a power output of 460 hp (343 kW; 466 PS) and 500 lb⋅ft (678 N⋅m). The bodywork was made similar to that of the Chrysler Viper GTS-R, including the colors, aerodynamics package, and visual design in order to publicise the Viper's motorsport achievement.


== Motorsport ==

In 1996, Dodge constructed a race car along with English racing team Reynard Motorsport and French racing team Oreca for GT class in LeMans called the Viper GTS-R. The result would end up in a race car that would race 12 years in motorsport with 163 wins in 262 races completed.
The car was unveiled in the same year at the IMSA GT Championship, with racing team Canaska Southwind. Competing in the GTS-1 class (the highest of classes at the time), its first race was at the 24 Hours of Daytona, with a finish at the 29th position. It would fare much better in the following races, finishing at 12th position at the 12 Hours of Sebring. The team would switch to GTS-2 afterwards however, after achieving no further improvements.
Oreca and Canaska Southwind entered the 24 Hours of Le Mans, with three of the four entrants finishing the race, the Canaska Southwind car performing the best at the 10th place. Both teams would return to their respective series, Oreca concluding the year with an eighth place at Brands Hatch, ninth at Spa, and sixth at Nogaro in the BPR Global GT Series, and Canaska Southwind concluding their season second in class at Mosport and sixth overall.
For 1999 and 2000, Oreca expanded greatly, racing in both the ALMS and FIA GT Championship series respectively, earning them nine wins, one of them won by a racing team ran by Paul Belmondo. Oreca would win the championships. Meanwhile, at the FIA GT Championship, a team named Chamberlain had improved to finish second overall.
Oreca would go on to win their second consecutive win later at the 24 Hours of Le Mans, with the top six positions in every class being taken by various GTS-Rs driven by Oreca and other teams. Oreca would leave the series in 1999, in favour of the ALMS, leaving the privateers to race there. The remaining Viper racing teams were still competitive with four race wins, but they would lose to the Lister racing teams, and their Lister Storm race cars, with them winning five races.
The GTS-R would make its first appearance in the FFSA GT Championship, and would see the first overall win for Zakspeed in the 24 Hours of Nürburgring. The three other teams DDO, ART, and MMI teams would win a total of eight victories.
In 2003, the winning ways of the GTS-R would fade away, as the dominance of the Prodrive-built Ferrari 550 GTS race cars would rise. 2004 oversaw the Viper GTS-R begin to phase out, and the car would eventually diminish entirely from competition by 2007 and 2008.
A modified Dodge Viper GTS-ACR driven by Greg Crick under the team Crickcars.com entered the 2006 Australian GT Championship and won the series, with 713 points in total.


== Gallery ==

		
		
		


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Ibán Parra López (born 18 October 1977 in Lleida, Catalonia) is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Santa Coloma as a striker.


== External links ==
Ibán Parra at BDFutbol
Ibán Parra at Futbolme (in Spanish)
Ibán Parra at Soccerway
<|endoftext|>
The St. Joseph's Cathedral  (Portuguese: Catedral Metropolitana São José) also called Metropolitan Cathedral of St. Joseph is a Catholic church, home of the Archdiocese of Fortaleza, located in Fortaleza in Brazil. The present church was built on the site of the old church.
It took to complete the work forty years beginning in 1938 and was inaugurated in 1978. It can accommodate five thousand people and its towers reach 75 meters high. French architect George Maunier signed the draft eclectic style with a predominance of neo-Gothic, with references to the Cologne Cathedral in Germany and very similar to the Chartres Cathedral in France. Sao Jose is the Saint linked to the cathedral which is also known as the Metropolitan Cathedral of Fortaleza.


== See also ==
Roman Catholicism in Brazil
St. Joseph's Cathedral (disambiguation)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Choqa Ginu (Persian: چقاگينو‎, also Romanized as Choqā Gīnū) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 254, in 61 families.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Chinese export silver is objects in silver made in foreign taste for export, mainly to Europe . In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, through the Chinese Canton System (Canton Port) and also after that, the opium war, the Treaty of Nanking and Treaty of Tientsin, Chinese Qing Dynasty became a major exporter for fine Chinese goods such as tea, spices and porcelain etc. to Europe, Germany, France, Russia and America. Treaty trading ports were further extended throughout the entire Qing Dynasty's land.Historically, silver had been more valuable in China than Europe, relative to gold and other commodities, and European traders had for centuries paid for their purchases of Chinese goods with silver. Now for the first time price levels made the importation of silver objects made for export to Europe attractive.  Though the Chinese government had for centuries been content to see renewable or inexhaustible luxury products such as silk or ceramics leave China as trade goods or diplomatic gifts, they had tried to retain as much silver as possible in China. Now they were unable to do this.
Just as the Chinese potters produced Chinese export porcelain for Western consumers, Chinese silversmiths also created elaborately-decorated objects for international clients. Early works of Chinese Export Silver was intended to reproduce or copy objects in European styles. However, in copying the European style or model objects, the Chinese artisans later managed to add to new decorations such Chinese motifs as the dragon, flowers, bamboo and scenes of life at the Chinese court.  Blending Western forms with Asian decoration including dragons, bamboo, and Chinese landscapes, these pieces reflect the long-standing cultural and commercial exchange between East and West.


== History ==
Most of them were loaded at Shanghai and Tientsin. At the end of the 16th century, regular trade with the West had indeed been going on since the time of the Roman Empire when China was known as Seres - the land of Silk. The Portuguese had established the first "modern" trading station in China as early as 1514. In the 18th century western artists started to make up decorative items and whole interiors in a mock Chinese or Japanese style. These Western "Chinoiserie" designs became an important element of the arts and styles of the mid 18th century.
From the late 18th century to the first quarter of the 19th, as the export trade increased, so did the demand from Europe for familiar, utilitarian forms. European forms such as mugs, ewers, tazza, and candlesticks were unknown in China so models were sent to the Chinese silversmith to be copied.  Chinese silversmiths basically made these objects completely based on prototypes from England and America. Common items were tea and coffee sets, spoon, forks, trays and other flat wares.
From the second quarter of the 19th century onward, Chinese forms and decoration became popular. In late 19th century, Chinese silversmiths added Chinese motifs such as the dragon and phoenix and scenes of life at the Chinese court.


== Chinese Silver "Hallmarks" ==
During the early Chinese Export Silver Period, silversmiths faithfully copied functional British or American items like flatware, tankards, and tea sets. Since they did not understand the significance of British silver hallmarks, they often unwittingly copied them as well, but with crude symbols or altered lettering. Some of the earlier known Chinese Export Silver makers' chopped mark are: We We WC and Cutshing.
Because of the way it often was marked, most Chinese Export silver is not easy for the average collector to identify, and can be confused with silver made in England or early 19th-century America. The small chopped or marks found on items of Chinese Export Silver are not hallmarks. Hallmarks are small markings stamped on the object that indicates that an official (usually a local assayer) in a particular country guarantees that the item is made from a certain percentage of silver. There is actually no assay system in Chinese China. We can only describe these small marking as marker's mark. It represents the firm producing the Silver. Some are in Chinese character while others are in alphabets.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Mieso is a woreda in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia. Part of the West Hararghe Zone, Mieso is bordered on the south by Guba Koricha, on the west by the Afar Region, on the north by the Somali Region, on the east by Doba and on the southeast by Chiro. Towns in Mieso include Arba Bordode, Asabot, Kora, Mieso and Mulu.


== Overview ==
The altitude of Mieso ranges from 1107 to 3106 meters above sea level; the highest point is Mount Asabot (1523 meters). Rivers include the Beke. A survey of the land in Mieso shows that 11.5% is arable or cultivable (10.7% of the total area was under annual crops), 23.7% cultivable if water were available, 8.9% pasture, 28.7% forest or brushland, and the remaining 27.3% is considered hilly, built-up or otherwise unusable. Sesame and haricot beans are important cash crops. Local points of interest in Mieso woreda include the Monastery of Asabot Selassie, located at the top of Mount Asabot, 20 kilometers northeast of the town of Asabot. This woreda is served by the Ethio-Djibouti Railways, with stops at Arba Bordode, Asabot, Kora, Mieso and Mulu.
In 8 of the 37 kebeles, the predominant agricultural practice is pastoralism; some pastoralists are sedentary and other migrate with their herds in search of forage and water. Cattle and goats are the most common livestock, and the vegetation is primarily acacia with grass cover beneath. Mieso reportedly has become, since 2003, one of the major markets of goats supplying the slaughterhouses in Mojo and Metehara which export mutton. In 2005 there were 5 goat meatpacking companies based in this woreda, which included ELFORA Agro-Industries.There are seven non–agricultural cooperatives organized in this woreda. Three of these are multipurpose, another three specialize in mining, while the last one is dedicated to saving and credit. There are also 13 farmers' cooperatives: 9 multipurpose, 2 credit and saving, and 2 dairy cooperatives run by women which are at the beginning stage of organization. There is also one self-initiated cooperative in Oda Roba kebele, for the purpose of crop harvesting. There are no micro-finance institutions in Mieso.


== History ==
It was in this woreda where Emperor Iyasu V, hurrying back to the capital city of Addis Ababa to deal with a palace coup, was defeated by the plotters in October, 1916. In the 1950s, the woreda was one of the about fifteen most important cotton production areas
in Ethiopia outside of Eritrea.Numerous conflicts between the local Oromos and Somalis in Mieso followed the October 2004 referendum to establish the disputed boundary between the Oromia and Somali Regions; over 2,500 people displaced from their homes in December 2004 had sought refuge in the woreda. Conflicts between refugees and local people had erupted at Arba Bordode, Mieso and Mulu by mid-February. NGOs working in the area reported these conflicts continued in the town of Mieso as late as 14 July 2005.


== Demographics ==
The 2007 national census reported a total population for this woreda of 130,709, of whom 66,891 were men and 63,818 were women; 25,388 or 19.42% of its population were urban dwellers. The majority of the inhabitants said they were Muslim, with 97.06% of the population reporting they observed this belief, while 2.66% of the population practised Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity.Based on figures published by the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, this woreda has an estimated total population of 137,126, of whom 66,553 are men and 70,573 are women; 36,165 or 26.37% of its population are urban dwellers, which is greater than the Zone average of 9.6%. With an estimated area of 2,573.44 square kilometers, Mieso has an estimated population density of 53.3 people per square kilometer, which is less than the Zone average of 101.8.The 1994 national census reported a total population for this woreda of 91,572, of whom 47,061 were men and 44,511 women; 18,073 or 19.74% of its population were urban dwellers at the time. (This total also includes an estimate for the inhabitants of Mulu, who were not counted. Based on population sizes registered during the preliminary census work, Mulu was estimated to have 2,129 inhabitants, of whom 1,080 were men and 1,049 women.) The four largest ethnic groups reported in Mieso were the Oromo (88.09%), the Somali (5.77%), the Amhara (3.46%), and the Argobba (0.66%); all other ethnic groups made up 2.02% of the population. Oromiffa was spoken as a first language by 88.37%, 5.61% spoke Amharic, and 5.29% spoke Somali; the remaining 0.73% spoke all other primary languages reported. The majority of the inhabitants were Moslem, with 95.23% of the population reporting they practiced that belief, while 4.55% of the population said they professed Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity.


== Notes ==
<|endoftext|>
Hello Waveforms is the ninth album by British electronic musician and record producer, William Orbit. It was released in the UK on 20 February 2006. It is a mostly instrumental ambient record, with only four tracks containing vocals: "Spiral", featuring Kenna and the Sugababes, "They Live In The Sky", sung by Annette and Paulette Morris, and "Bubble Universe", which is based on a song previously recorded with Madonna called "Liquid Love", and has vocals by Laurie Mayer. Mayer also collaborates and co-writes other tracks of the record. All tracks are written by Orbit, either alone or in collaboration with Laurie Mayer and Rico Conning. The second track, "Humming Chorus", is from the opera "Madame Butterfly". In the United States, the album reached number ten on the Billboard Top Electronic Albums chart.


== Track listing ==
"Sea Green" (William Orbit)  – 6:22
"Humming Chorus" (Giacomo Puccini; arranged by William Orbit)  – 3:38
"Surfin'" (William Orbit, Laurie Mayer, Rico Conning) – 4:43
"You Know Too Much About Flying Saucers" (William Orbit, Laurie Mayer, Rico Conning)  – 5:00
"Spiral" (feat. Sugababes & Kenna) (William Orbit, Sugababes, Kenna, Karen Poole)  – 4:47
"Who Owns The Octopus"  – 5:00
"Bubble Universe" (William Orbit, Laurie Mayer, Rico Conning)  – 4:02
"Fragamosia"  – 6:32
"Firebrand" (William Orbit, Laurie Mayer, Rico Conning)  – 6:16
"They Live In The Sky" (William Orbit, Annette Morris, Paulette Morris) – 4:56
"Colours From Nowhere"  – 5:41


== Bonus track ==
G155 is a track from the "Hello Waveforms" recording sessions that was not included on the album. It can be heard on William Orbit's official website and was issued as a promo single on 7" vinyl only.


== References ==


== External links ==
WilliamOrbit.com — official website.
<|endoftext|>
Strømmen Idrettsforening is a Norwegian sports club from Strømmen. It has sections for football, athletics and gymnastics, and formerly had sections for bandy, orienteering, skiing, speed skating, swimming among other sports.


== History ==
The club was founded on 25 September 1911 as Strømmen FK. The name was changed to FK Norrøna in 1914. In 1923 the club merged with Strømmen IL and took the name IL Norrøna. In 1935 it incorporated the club Strømmen BK, founded in the 1920s, and reverted its name back to Strømmen FK. On 27 June 1945, the club merged with AIF club Strømmen AIL, founded 1928, and got its current name.


== Football ==
The club reached the Norwegian Football Cup semi-final in 1957, and played in the Norwegian top flight from 1949 to 1955 and from 1956 to 1961, as well as in 1986 and 1988. The club hosts the record for lowest attendance in the highest league, 202. They play their matches at Strømmen Stadion.
In 2006, Strømmen won their 3. divisjon group. In the qualification match for the 2. divisjon they met Ullern. Strømmen won the first leg, 6–2, on home ground, and they lost the second leg, 4–2, but won 8–6 on aggregate, and achieved their promotion for the 2007 season. Strømmen got relegated in 2007, but retained their spot since Odd Grenland 2 got demoted to the 3. divisjon, following Odd's first team being relegated from the top tier, Tippeligaen. Thomas Berntsen was hired by Strømmen on 3 August 2008, and with Berntsen as head coach, Strømmen avoided relegation to the 3. divisjon. Ahead of the 2009 season, Petter Myhre was named co-coach together with Berntsen. With Berntsen and Myhre as coaches, Strømmen won their 2009 2. divisjon group and was promoted to 1. divisjon.  In 2010 Strømmen finished three points behind a promotion play-offs spot. In the decisive match of the 2011 season, Strømmen avoided relegation with a 6–1 win against Nybergsund. After the 2011 season, Berntsen was replaced by Erland Johnsen.


=== Recent history ===


=== Current squad ===
As of 10 March 2021Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

For season transfers, see transfers winter 2019–20 and transfers summer 2019.


== Athletics ==
Former cross-country skier Thomas Alsgaard competed for Strømmen IF in steeplechase and long-distance running in his younger days.The club's only Norwegian champion in athletics is Otto Rui. He won the hammer throw in 1987, and also took national medals in 1985, 1988 and 1989. Sidsel Kjellås is their winningest domestic medalist, with silver medals in the 80 metres hurdles in 1964, pentathlon in 1965, and the tetrathlon in 1966 and a bronze in the standing long jump in 1965. Birgit Tofthagen took a national silver medal in the high jump in 1964, and Unni Lundby took a bronze medal in the 200 metres in 1969. Strømmen's women' team in the 4 x 100 metres relay also took a national silver medal in 1965 and a bronze in 1970.The club hosted the 1992 Norwegian Cross-Country Championships.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
The 2019 The Nationals is the inaugural season of The Nationals, an electronic sports (Esports) league in the Philippines. The season features three titles, Dota 2, Mobile Legends: Bang Bang, and Tekken 7 with two conferences each.


== Teams ==


== The Road to The Nationals ==

The Nationals was officially launched on July 24, 2018 in a press conference. In the same event, the "Road to The Nationals" a series of qualification tournament to determine the players of the six franchise teams to compete in The Nationals' inaugural season was announced. Three qualifiers for each of The Nationals three video game titles will be held. These tournaments will run from August to October 2018 with the qualifying eight teams from each of the three titles competing in the final qualification tournament at the Electronic Sports and Gaming Summit 2018 to be held from October 27 to 28 at the SMX Convention Center in Pasay.The winning teams and individuals (for competitors in single-player titles) will be given millions of pesos in prize money and a chance to get drafted in one of the six franchise teams of The Nationals.


=== Players ===
The players of the inaugural 2019 The Nationals season will be drafted among the winners of the Road to The Nationals qualification tournaments to be held in the latter half of 2018.  The Nationals mean to make electronic sports a professional career with players to be given monthly salaries ranging from ₱40,000 to ₱50,000 among other benefits such as team housing, physicians, healthcare, etc. Minors are eligible to compete if they have waivers from their parents consenting their participation.


=== Sponsorship ===
The first financial firm to become a sponsor of the league's qualification tournament, The Road to The Nationals, was the Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation (RCBC) which announced its sponsorship deal with the league in October 2018 to specifically promote its MyWallet Virtual Card service.


== Conferences ==


=== Dota 2 ===


==== First Conference ====
After playing a total of 40 games in the group phase, the Cignal Ultra Warriors secured a bye to the best-of-five grand finals while PLDT-Smart Omega and Suha-XCTN Punishers played against each other in the best-of-three playoffs. Suha Execretion eliminated Omega in the playoffs to advance to the grand final where they were defeated by Cignal. Cignal clinched the first conference Dota 2 title with a 3–2 win in the grand final.The Best Player of the final series is Fernando Mendoza (Nando) of Cignal who averaged 9.4 kills, 6 assists, and 650 GPM per game.


==== Second Conference ====
The second conference began on May 1, 2019.


=== Mobile Legends: Bang Bang ===


==== First Conference ====
The Mobile Legends First Conference marked the league debut of the STI eOlympians in The Nationals. After playing 31 games in the group stage (including tiebreaker), PLDT-Smart Omega became the top seed with the Cignal Ultra Warriors becoming second. PLDT-Smart Omega became the first ever The Nationals MLBB Champion after sweeping Cignal Ultra Warriors in the best-of-five finals series, 3 games to none.


==== Second Conference ====
A second conference was held for Mobile Legends: Bang Bang.


=== Tekken 7 ===
Two conferences was held for Tekken 7.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The DNVGL-ST-E271 (formerly DNV 2.7-1) is a regulation issued by DNV (actual DNV GL) regarding the offshore containers specifications.DNV 2.7-1 was initially issued in 1989 and the most recent version “DNV Standard for Certification No. 2.7-1 Offshore Containers” was released in June 2013. It is a set of transport related requirements for offshore containers.
It refers to: design, manufacture, testing, certification, marking and periodical inspection (will detail each of them later). The purpose was to insure that containers are safe and suitable for repeated use.
Prior to 1989 there was no specific regulation for offshore equipment handling and lifting although offshore container handling is significantly more dangerous than onshore. For offshore containers the rate of wear and tear is higher than in most other environments. Containers are to be constructed to withstand the forces encountered in offshore operations, and will not suffer complete failure even if subject to more extreme loads.
DNV 2.7-1 is fully compliant with EN 12079 part 1 (offshore containers) and part 2 (lifting sets) and distinct as regards to part 3 (periodical inspection).


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
European hip hop is hip hop music created by European musicians. Hip hop is a style of music developed by African American and Caribbean communities in the United States during the mid-1970s, and became a large part of modern pop culture during the 1980s. Due to this success, it has gained worldwide popularity, especially in Europe where many diverse and unique styles of hip hop have been created.  This diversity is especially apparent in the forms of hip hop music and culture emanating from settler communities from Europe's former colonies and peripheries.


== By region ==


=== Northern Europe ===


==== Denmark ====
In Denmark, Hip Hop rap music has been growing steadily more popular over the last fifteen years and began with Danish language acts such as MC Einar and Rockers by Choice, later on: less known Rip Rap & Rock, Flopstarz, Humleridderne and Faktaposen, The Danish way of doing rap music was topped in the 1980s towards acceptance among the common people who did not listen to any rap music was with a rap song called: "Rap Nu" by the famed and beloved old Danish football commentator: Gunnar "Nu" Hansen. The rap song was released towards the European football championship. In the early 1990s, English was the preferred language for underground acts such as Dope Solution, Kidnap and one of the first female and ground breaking artists No Name Requested, who merged rap with reggae well before other Danish contemporary artists. In the late 1990s Danish language rap was again in demand and the favorite choice of artists because of artists such as Jokeren and his group Den Gale Pose. The Funky Fly record label has been an important part of this evolution. In contrast to many other countries, Hip Hop in Danish has been generally as successful or more so locally than acts in English. Some Danish English language rappers have become more well known abroad than at home, such as Static and NATiLL, both popular German acts, and Funk Flush and Delireeus, who are well-known elsewhere in Scandinavia. Prominent Danish-language artists include:
The members of Full Impact Productions (F.I.P.), (Orgi-E, Bai-D, Troo.L.S, L.O.C., Rune Rask & U$O),
The members often refer to themselves as F.I.P.G.C. (Full Impact Productions Gangster Click). The (in)famous Danish rap group Suspekt is made up of F.I.P members Orgi-E, Bai-D & Rune Rask although L.O.C. is a frequent guest, as well as Troo.L.S produces most of the tracks together with Rune Rask.
In 2005, two of the members, Troo.L.S & Orgi-E came out with an album, Forklædt Som Voksen (Disguised As Adult). The group has not split up, but they have made it clear that they will not make any new albums. However, they often perform together. While Suspekt was/is a group, F.I.P.
[L.O.C] (Liam O'Connor) is the most successful solo-rapper in history of Danish hip hop, with his 60,000 sold albums. His first album, Dominologi, included hits such as "Absinthe" and "Drik Min Hjerne Ud" (Drink My Brain Away). His second album, Inkarneret (Incarnated) was a huge success, with hits as "Undskyld" (Sorry), "Hvem" (Who), and "Pop Det Du Har" (Pop [out] What You've Got). His latest album, Cassiopeia, was released on September 15, 2005 and the song "Frk. Escobar" (Miss Escobar) became a huge hit.
The two famous producers Rune Rask and Troo. L.S. have stood behind most of the hits of F.I.P. members. They have been awarded the title as best producer-team.
In 2006, they produced the song "Gangsta Bop" by Akon. It will be featured on his second album, Konvicted.


==== Finland ====

Finnish hip hop music is an increasingly robust part of the Finnish music scene. While some rappers based in Finland (Nuera, Paleface, Redrama, Jimmy Smallz, Tommy Sky) choose to record their rhymes in English, the majority use Finnish. Rapper Amoc utilizes the indigenous language Sámi in his music, which is one way to localize this global genre. The first recordings were released in the late 1980s but the real boom of Finnish hip hop came in the late 1990s.


==== Iceland ====

The first major hip hop crew from Iceland was Quarashi, who were a hip-hop group that was marketed in the US as being inspired by the rock hybrid music of Beastie Boys and Rage Against the Machine. Quarashi broke up in 2005. Around the same time Quarashi released their first album a lot of rap groups were formed such as Subterranean which are considered to have released Icelandic hiphops biggest classic, Central Magnetizm. Other groups were Team 13 (later became Twisted Minds), Multifunctionals, Bounce Brothers and Hip Hop Elements (later named Kritikal Mazz). They all rapped in English except for one song from Multifunctionals called "Númer 1". They were later followed by performers like XXX Rottweiler (formerly known as 110 Rottweilerhundar) who along with Sesar A had the first all Icelandic hip hop albums published in Iceland (2001). Later (2002) they were followed by a decent amount of rappers following their lead and rapping exclusively in Icelandic. Bæjarins bestu, the freestyle battle champs of Iceland in one unit, Móri, a gangsta rapper who uses Icelandic, Afkvæmi Guðanna (The Offspring of the Gods), Bent og 7Berg (Bent and 7Berg) and, most recently, Hæsta Hendin (The Highest Hand). Icelandic lyrics are usually very direct and aggressive, with battle raps forming a sizeable portion of Icelandic hip hop.


==== Ireland ====

Hip hop culture arrived in Ireland in the 1980s and has enjoyed a steady underground scene ever since. By the early 1990s, the scenes in Dublin, Cork and Belfast included such performers as First Kouncil, Third Eye Surfers, Marxman, Messiah J. and The Expert, Homebrew and Scary Éire. Despite this, it has never had the same worldwide recognition that British hip hop has seen in recent years.
Currently hip-hop in Ireland is still going strong.
Dublin hosts names such as Lisa Dee, B-z Blaze, Kid Swisha and Galway born Big Que who is presently based in the United Kingdom. Ireland has its own urban music magazine RAP IRELAND, an urban brand that also promote clubs and concerts, and run Dublin-based Blackhouse Studios and the Rap Ireland DJ School. Recently, 86 Ink has come up as an alternative to British drill rap, using his Irish accent instead of putting on a London/British accent.


==== Norway ====
Hip hop would spread to all of Scandinavia, including Norway, in the early 1980s. With breakdancing and graffiti art growing increasingly popular, a number of underground hip hop musicians gained fame among the genre's limited fanbase in the late 1980s. These included A-Team (later Bolt Warhead) and Tommy Tee, who also put out a prominent hip hop magazine/fanzine called Fat Cap and a radio show Strictly Hip Hop (later The National Rap Show).
The early to mid-nineties saw acts like Warlocks, Ellers Det, Captain Anarad and Dream Of Utopia struggle for recognition (to little effect). In the late 1990s and into the beginning of the 21st century, performers like Opaque, Darkside of the Force and Gatas Parlament became prominent. Tungtvann, Apollo, Klovner i Kamp, Spetakkel, Jaa9 & OnklP, Karpe Diem and other Norwegian-language hip hop crews, achieved some mainstream popularity after the turn of the millennium.


==== Sweden ====

Swedish hip hop emerged in the first half of the 1980s and crossed into the mainstream a decade later. Some early rappers and crews were Per Cussion, Grandmaster Funk, Quincy Jones III and the Ice Cold Rockers. Groups that achieved mainstream popularity in the early 1990s include Just D, Infinite Mass and The Latin Kings. In the late 1990s there was a second breakthrough and artists like Petter, Organism 12, Seron, PST-Q, Öris, Professor P, Supersci, Prop Dylan, Trainspotters, Thomas Rusiak, Timbuktu, Ken Ring and Looptroop became well-known. More recent acts worth mentioning are Labyrint, Stor, Linda Pira, Henry Bowers, Allyawan, Carlito Promoe, Snook, Chords, Ison & Fille, Advance Patrol, Million Stylez, Lazee, Roffe Ruff, Fronda, Grey Matter of Sweden and Adam Tensta.
The group Labyrint from Uppsala have four members; Jacco, Dajanko, Dj Sai and Aki. They spread a mix of rap and reggae called Förortsreggae. Many other rappers such as Sebbe Staxx andRhymes & Riddim have done songs within this genre. Labyrint's songs are played through all of Sweden and is loved by many people. Their songs often have the theme "the government screws us" and try to reflect on the life of people within the suburbs. They're signed to the record company Redline Recordings
Redline Recordings is a Stockholm-based record company run by Salla and Masse, or, TSB (The Salazar Brothers). The record company was founded in 1996 by the brothers Salla, Chepe and Massa. The name is derived from the name on Stockholm's subway, Röda Linjen (The Red Line). The record company work as a sub organization to Universal Music and is one of the most important forces within the Swedish hip hop stage. They have signed the following musicians; Carlito, Stor, Labyrint, Linda Pira, Dani M, Amsie Brown, Aki, Jacco, Dajanko and Mohammed Ali.
Nils Jansson, more famously known as Henry Bowers or Kung Henry is a rapper from Uppsala with some hits. He has also participated in Poetry Slam contests and Spoken Word. Although he isn't very big within music he is very big in Rap battles. He is internationally famous for his skills on the rap battle stage. He is signed to the record company Kaftkaotiska Inspelningar.


==== United Kingdom ====

British hip hop originated in the early 1980s, having been hugely influenced by the New York scene. Just like in the United States, specifically New York, British hip hop emerged graffiti and breakdancing. After such work of arts, DJ's started to take over dance clubs and this was the start of the hip hop scene in the United Kingdom. Unlike American hip hop, British hip hop artists were of all different ethnicities because different races were not segregated in Britain. As a result, an influx of ideas and music cross cultured making Hip Hop a music of all in Britain. However, hip hop still was not accepted in British society until the make of Gun Shot's tune "No Sell Out" in 1992. As a result, various hip hop artists became popular as well as the hip hop scene. However, due to this influence, many British artists adopted American accents when recording and it wasn't until a few years later that Britain gained the confidence to develop their own style, with "London Bridge" by Newtrament often cited as the first ever British hip hop tune. Although record labels were starting to take note of the underground scene, radio play and publicity were still a major difficulty in helping the fledgling scene to grow. Instrumental in bringing the scene to the attention of the country at large were DJs like Dave Pearce and Tim Westwood, and particularly John Peel who often championed British hip hop.
However, things did look promising: Hip Hop Connection—the first major British hip hop magazine—was founded in 1989 and by the early 1990s, the British hip hop scene seemed to be thriving. Not only was there a firm base of rappers in London, but outside of the capital many cities were developing their own distinct scenes. Bristol produced The Wild Bunch (later better known as Massive Attack), and major groups like the Scratch Perverts and Smith & Mighty, and later became the home of trip hop; Nottingham was the birthplace of the Stereo MCs. As the scene grew, it became less and less common for British rappers to imitate American accents and British hip hop became much more assured of its own identity.
The birth of black music radio station BBC 1Xtra, in 2002 provided another outlet for hip hop artists, with the genre being a core part of the station's output and the station showcases many UK acts. At the same time British hip hop also blossomed in new directions, with a new style of electronic music emerging in the early 2000s, influenced heavily by hip hop and UK garage, dubbed grime.
Further success followed as The Streets released their album Original Pirate Material (679 Records, 2002), and became one of the first of the new breed of British hip hop artists to gain respectable sales. This trend continued as Dizzee Rascal released his debut album, Boy in Da Corner, to huge critical acclaim. Sway also came into the public eye after winning a MOBO award in September 2005 for Best Hip Hop Act[2], defeating heavyweight hip hop artists 50 Cent and The Game to collect the award. Lady Sovereign achieved mainstream success both in Britain and America in 2005 after signing with Def Jam Recordings after impressing Jay-Z, as well as achieving chart success with singles released from her debut album Public Warning.
The United Kingdom's Panjabi MC created a style integrated with Indian-based music and created the single "Beware of the Boys". Once Jay-Z added a couple of verses, it became a hit in the United States.


==== Baltic States ====

The Baltic states saw a noticeable growth in the hip hop community since the start of the 21st century. All three of the nations that comprise the Baltic states, which became independent in 1991 at the collapse of the U.S.S.R., have created a unique Baltic sound, that started from little to no beginnings prior to the independence of the nations. In all three nations the native language; Estonian, Latvian, and Lithuanian, respectably, are the dominant language of Baltic MC's.
Some popular Baltic hip hop artists are: Lithuanian- G&G Sindikatas, Legato, Despotin' Fam (Vaiper, Shmekla, Liezhuvis, Andrewla) (formerly known as Shmekla&Vaiper), Tie Geresni (Karpiz, LT, Boostas), Mc Mesijus, Lilas, Dee & Kamy. Latvian – Ziedu Vija, STA, Kurts, Armands, Nātre, Gustavo, Ozols, Skutelis, Pionieris.
Estonian hip hop artists- G-Enka, A-Rühm, Põhjamaade Hirm, Kuuluud, Gorõ Lana, Fast K, S´Poom, 5 Loops, Tommyboy, Noizmakaz, Def Räädu, Stupid F & Hash, Suur Papa, Reket, Okym Riim, Beebilõust, Abraham, Chalice, Metsakutsu, RLV Massive, 7NS2], Põhja-Tallinn, Nublu, 5MIINUST


=== Central Europe ===


==== Austria ====


==== Czech Republic ====

Czech hip hop is a hip hop musical subculture in the Czech Republic. Its history began after the Velvet Revolution in 1989. Since that time began the creation of this subculture with lot of bands, clubs and hip hop festivals appearing all around the country.
There are so famous hip hop singers and groups: Nironic, PSH, Indy a Wich, Prago union, Supercrooo...


==== Germany ====

German Hip Hop began as an underground music scene in 1982 when JaJaJa recorded "Katz Rap" in Ata Tak studios in Düsseldorf. "Katz Rap" by JaJaJa (1982, Ata Tak – WR 14) was the first rap song by a female on record in Europe. JaJaJa toured with a large graffiti canvas she spray painted with the band's name and a giant reptile/dragon/dinosaur. JaJaJa's "I Am An Animal" video released in 1983 featured breakdancing youths costumed as dinosaurs.Traditional music, from immigrants that migrated from Northern Africa, Turkey, Morocco, etc., mixed with the American hip hop scene may have contributed to Germany's hip hop music. The Neue Deutsche Welle band Fehlfarben released a song called, "Militürk," acknowledging and inspired by the presence of Turks in Germany.
Film played a major impact in the beginning of the musical genre. Films such as, Beat Street and Wild Style, formed the first wave of hip hop fans. As a result, German youth began to graffiti and break dance which lead to underground hip hop music and development. In particular, one music group, Advance Chemistry sparked a huge interest in speaking out for the youth of Germany, especially the immigrants. Moreover, more and more people loved the hip hop scene in Germany until it reached its peak in 2001. After that time period of rapping about life in Germany, "New Schoolers" rapped about crime and violence. Till this day, hip hop plays a significant role in Germany's music scene. Germany produced the well-known Optik Army and its frontman Kool Savas as well as several other rap combos like Aggro Berlin, Die Fantastischen Vier, Ersguterjunge, Fettes Brot or Amstaff. Several solo artists like Bushido, Sido, Fler, Samy Deluxe and Azad.


==== Hungary ====

Hungarian hip hop is gaining more popularity. Some of the former underground bands are in the media for instance: Bankos, NKS, Akkezdet Phiai, Bobakrome, Sub Bass Monster, Hősök, Anonim MC, Street Royal, DSP.


==== Poland ====

The Polish hip hop scene began in 1990, when American rappers like MC Hammer ("Please Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em") and Vanilla Ice ("To the Extreme") were popular. The first album by a Polish performer was "East on the Mic" by PM Cool Lee, which featured two songs in the Polish language. Lee was from Kielce, but Warsaw soon emerged as a center for hip hop, after KOLOR, a radio station, began broadcasting Kolor Shock, hosted by Bogna Świątkowska, Paul Jackson, an African American expatriate, Sylvia Opoku from London, and DJ Volt, whose crew, IKHZ, became performing stars in their own right in 1995. Volt also founded the first Polish independent hip hop label, Beat Records. Though the label didn't last long, it did introduce groups like Trzyha and Molesta. Nowadays there are many subgenres of hip-hop present on the Polish scene and it is almost everywhere in the country. People or groups like Peja, Tede, OSTR or Sokol with his many projects such as WWO are the most recognizable rappers in Poland.
Polish hip-hop artists are well-known performers across Europe, especially in the Eastern Bloc. Many rappers from Poland are collaborating with artists from Europe, the US and even Cuba.


==== Slovakia ====

Slovak hip hop is said to have begun in 1988. The hip hop scene was not popular among general public up until the start of new millennia. After 2001 hip hop music started to gain popularity as the quality of rap and music production improved.
The most controversial and prominent slovak rapper and singer Rytmus is among the best selling artists in Slovakia and Czech Republic. With some of his music videos reaching more than million views he is one of the best known musicians in Central Europe. Together with Ego and Anys they formed Kontrafakt. Other popular groups and artists include H16, Gramo Rokkaz, Delik, Supa, Boy Wonder, Vec, Zverina,  DMS, Nerieš, Osem, Gumbgu, Gleb,  Hahacrew, Strapo, Pil C, Plexo, Mugis, Gamba, Kali, Majself.(the best hip-hop in world)


==== Slovenia ====

Slovenian hip hop can be traced back to 1978 but all rappers were forgotten or they disappear it's still secret, how it is known there were some illegal album releases. In the mid 80s were marked as the break-through of rap music in Slovenian music. Ali-En released first national rap album, that immediately became a classic, in 1989. The hip hop culture was heavily popularized by skier Jure Košir who also released an album with his Rap Team. In 1997 Dandrough, a rap duo, released Ko pride Bog ('when God comes'). The next few years there was a small hole in hip hop scene, with only a couple of albums in 2000 Klemen Klemen released Trnow Stajl, possibly the most influential mainstream album in Slovenian Hip Hop history of south style, at Menart Records. And then came H-Town Thugstaz ( C-Dogg aka CThaReal, Dujko, P-Nut and Nasty ) from Celje with the best battle song Vojna part.1 ever in Slovenian Rap history.
CThaReal continued a solo career and made 10 albums all together and is the only Slovenian Rap artist that made an English Rap album, He also got releases in the U.S.A. on Global attack mixtapes vol.6 with the song Elevated ( 4 Seasons of Rap - 2012. )
CThaReal is also one of the best freestyle MCs in Europe and is still undefeated in freestyle..
About the same time a first compilation of Slovenian Hip Hop artists was released at Radyoyo: Za narodov Blagor – 5'00" of fame, including various unknown rappers, that were just yet to pop up onto the scene.
In 2001, the first freestyle rap championship was organized, launching 6pack Čukur, who placed 2nd, into the mainstream stars. The competition became a tradition and it's held every second year since then. The next year rap duo Murat & Jose released V besedi je moč becoming again of the ultimate rap albums in Slovenia and Southern Europe. Following championship was said to be the best. It spawned 2 champions, both releasing albums as an awards through Nika Records. N'toko, an alternative rapper released it the same year as he became champion, 2003, Trkaj's album followed the next.
Hip hop culture was heavily popularized by then and artists like Samo Boris, Valterap, N'toko, released some of the most important albums in small history of Slovenian rap music.
2004–2006 were the most productive years, spawning more albums then all years before that together. Though the quality oscillated from album to album, mostly because of the unofficial releases and noting that the demo scene produced better tracks, some new names like Eyeceeou and Mrigo came up with excellent material, both with newly founded indie labels.
In 2008 "Denile" released his first mixtape Fixtape vol.1, shortly after in 2010 he released Fixtape vol.2, the mixtapes are just worm ups for the real thing, the album that will be droping in late 2012.


=== Eastern Europe ===


==== Bulgaria ====

Bulgaria during the late '90s saw the formation of the crews "Amnistia", X-team, Sunrise Project, DRS, Nokaut, Sensei, Blackmouth and RBL, Junior MC, La Boss, People From Ghetto, Mechoka, Ka$ino, Rap Nation, 187, Fars, Logopet, Kingsize, SoundTrack, Dinasty, Atila, Neznainite ot krainite, ZLD Gen, Ragga One and "Rubber Heads" (Gumeni Glavi) the latter of which included Misho Shamara, Dreben G, Konsa and more. "Rubber Heads"'s label was called R'nB and was very popular. They even had their own clothing line. In 2000 another Bulgarian hip hop label was created and it was called Sniper Records, including famous names like Spens, DJ Stancho, Slim, Shosho and more. A lot of hardcore rap is produced in Bulgaria from bands like Nokaut, Sunrise Project, RBL, X-Team, Kingsize and many more.
Now, in 2011, the Bulgarian hip hop is on a higher level. Misho Shamara a.k.a. Big Sha made a song with the American legend Snoop Dogg and the Bulgarian pop-star LilAna. After the song with Snoop Dogg, Big Sha worked on a project with DMX, and LilAna has songs with Akon and Flo Rida.
On March 31, 2010, Big Sha and DJ Swed Lu, "delivered" The King of Crunk Lil Jon to the Bulgarian fans.
Meanwhile, Sarafa from RAPTON Records recorded songs with The Outlawz, Ja Rule, and Naughty by Nature.
After 2010 the Bulgarian hip hop scene was flooded with new innovative artist including - F.O., Керанов (Keranov), Явката ДЛГ (Qvkata DLG), Dim4ou, Жлъч (Jluch; he is also a member of SoCalledCrew, a rap group from Sofia, consisting of Jluch, Trasher, Евгени (Evgeny), Бате Доуен (Bate Douen or Indianus) and Брят Че (Bryat Che)) and many others, who became popular with uploading their songs online and later making videoclips for the songs. They became notorious mostly with their lyrics concerning the everyday lifestyle of the Bulgarian youth.
Currently hip hop is one of the most popular music style in Bulgaria, especially among young people.


==== Romania ====

Romanian hip hop The main theme is politics, based on anti-system protest, and social, underlining the rich-poor gap and the low quality of the new, post-Communist, enriched class. Bucharest is the main center, since most of other bands/rappers from outside the city would still come there for recording.
2006 was a great year for Romanian hip hop, especially for the underground scene. Independent labels such as Hades Records and Facem Records finally got out of the box with albums that soon reached stores at a national level. Also a big step in the evolution of Romanian hip hop was the Summer Jam 2006 hip hop festival that took place in Bucharest. Created and supervised by Hades Records/Hades Events, Summer Jam was the first of its kind and size in Romania, uniting more than 20 artists and bands over 2 days of show, including DJ contests, breakdance shows, streetball contests and a lot of high quality hip hop. The producers of the show said that much more is to be expected for 2007's edition. Some notable artists include:BUG Mafia, Parazitii, R.A.C.L.A., K-Pone, La Familia and Cedry2K. Romanian hip hop artists Parazitii have worked with major names in hip hop, artists like: Raekwon, Shabazz the Disciple, and Dutch rapper Cilvaringz.Gerata


==== Russia ====

The first more or less known pioneers of Russian rap was a group called Malchishnik (Мальчи́шник), but the recognition of the rap genre came with the rise of a Moscow team Bad B., with their album "Naletchiki Bad B." being released in 1994.
The first Russian rap artists to have achieved commercial success: Kasta (Каста), Bad Balance/Bad.B (Плохой Баланс/Бад Би), Detsl (Децл), and the Belarusian artist Seryoga (Серега), who combined original rap with the native Russian satiric song genre chastushka which some critics consider a new branch in the rap genre: rap-chastushka. Although most of rap fans believe he does not belong to the Russian rap scene, the musician won the nomination for best Russian rap in 2005 on the RMA (Russian Music Awards).
In the mid-2000s underground bands began to appear and became popular in Moscow (like Money Makaz, Supreme Playaz, Underwhat, Ddrop, Krovostok, Kazhe Oboima). Also, at the same time in Russia and Belarus new R&B performers appeared (Maks Lorens, Bianca, Satsura, Band'Eros).
In 2007 Centr became increasingly popular, partially due to aggressive promotion on the internet, at 2008 they won the MTV Russia Music Awards.
At the same time Russian/German rapper ST1M received scandalous popularity after production of his single "Я Рэп" (I'm Rap), featuring Seryoga, in which he was dissing nearly all the notable Russian rappers.
In 2008 on Russian musical channel Muz-TV started a hip-hop show Battle for Respect, which led the winner Ant (Zasada Production) to become highly popular.
The same way as in the United States, the scene is divided into "East Side" and "West Side" style, again, where the "West Siders" brag about money cars and girls, the "East Siders" rap about everything else. The most commercial "West Side" style rap produced is Timati, being the first Russian rapper to work with American producer Scott Storch and American rappers Fat Joe, Snoop Dogg, Xzbit, Busta Rhymes, and Diddy. If you ask any self-respecting hip-hop fan however, any association of Timati to hip-hop may end in violence as there is a strong opinion that his purely commercial style has no place in hip-hop.
The most popular Russian hip-hop artist today is Vasiliy Mikhailovitch Vakulenko Васи́лий Миха́йлович Вакуле́нко under different aliases representing his multiple personalities. Basta (Баста) being his earliest alias is the one with heart, bringing a lot of sincere feelings in the lyrics. Noggano (Ноггано) – his second invention is a character with a lot of references to controlled substances, gang activities presented in a twisted style of a mastermind with a dark sense of humor. N1NT3ND0 (Нинтендо) – his latest is a character taking the vulgarity and gang activities to the max.


==== Ukraine ====

Ukrainian hip hop (Ukra-hop) is a major part of the Ukrainian music scene.
Although some groups, like the crew Tanok Na Maydani Kongo ("The Dance on the Congo Square"), rap in the Ukrainian language (specifically the Slobozhanshchyna dialect) and mix hip hop with indigenous Ukrainian elements, many others do not, preferring instead to rap in Russian.
In 2005, Ukraine's entrant in the Eurovision Song Contest, GreenJolly's "Together We Are Many", was also the unofficial anthem of the recent Orange Revolution. Eurovision demanded the lyrics to be changed for the contest (because it did not correspond to contests rules due to political content). Also this song was remade by Polish hip hop artists.
Ukrainian Hip-Hop also has the only rapper in Hip-Hop History named NazareN or (NazareN Tha Prophet) that raps in four languages with no accent sometimes mixing them together .


=== Southern Europe ===


==== Albania / Kosovo ====

Albanian hip-hop refers to hip-hop in the Albanian language and is one of the most prominent in Europe. Albanian Hip Hop refers to artists from Albania, Kosovo, the Republic of Macedonia and Montenegro as the Albanian language is spoken in the whole of Albania and Kosovo and in some parts of Macedonia and Montenegro. The term Albanian Hip Hop also refers to other Albanian-inhabited places such as the United States, Germany and United Kingdom.
Rappers such as 2DIE4, etno engjujt, lyrical Son, 2po2, Unikkatil and Tingulli 3nt which is a group, were among the first to open the Albanian Hip Hop scene. Unikkatil with TBA which is the groups that he is affiliated with and Tingulli 3nt later became rivals, both dominating the Hip Hop scene. Rappers such as 2po2 then went on to help Unikkatil and made songs for their rivals. Other performers are Mc Kresha, Lyrical Son, Kaos, Skillz, Ritmi i Rruges, 2DIE4, G-Bani, Etno Engjujt and others have striven to portray the real Albanian attitude of today.
Some of the most known performers are:
DUDA,
BIMBIMMA,
Akrepi,
Ergen,
REAL - 1,
Unikkatil,
2po2,
Tingulli 3nt,
Noizy,
Big basta,
Capital T,
Etno Engjujt,
Jeton TBA,
Skillz,
Stresi,
Mc Kresha,
Lyrical Son,
DMC aka Babloki.
Current successful mainstream rappers include: Unikkatil, Noizy, 2po2, Jeton TBA, Capital T, MC Kresha, Lyrical Son, Etno Engjujt, DMC aka Babloki etc.
With rising stars such as Durim Kid, Varrosi, Lil Koli, who are members of the OTR group and UniK Dibra, who currently lives in the UK and has recorded and published a numerous of Albanian songs, together with amazing songs of a mixture of the two languages, Albanian and English such as 'look into my eyes' bringing that unique style to the Albanian Hip Hop scene which has already been helped by the members of the OTR group who are originally UK based, London to be more specific.
ACT Gang who are a group based in London, UK, who have worked with an ex member of OTR, published a music video in Albania and seemed promising for them to explode in the hip hop scene but nothing has been released since. Other Albanian groups that are based in the UK are Real Albanian Gangsters, Alboz For Life, Money Never Sleeps.
The biggest concert in the history of hip hop Albania - Kosovo, occurred on July 15, 2012 in Pristina Stadium, Unikkatil and TBA performed for 25,000 people. 25,000 people cheering for Unikkatil and TBA.
The same year a French team try to help Albania hip hop kulture and they create and perform the first hip hop festival in Albania, with French and Albanian artists. This festival was in four cities Tirana, Elbasan, Shkodra and Korça.


==== Bosnia and Herzegovina ====

Hip hop is quite a new style of music for Bosnia and Herzegovina, but it has nevertheless proven very popular. The majority of Bosnian and Herzegovinian rappers are from the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (the Bosnian Muslim / Bosnian Croat dominated half of the country), although more and more are coming out of the Serb Republic. The vibrant underground scene has coalesced around several major portals on the Internet.
The most famous rapper in Bosnia and Herzegovina is Edo Maajka and others include Euro Lud, Frenkie, Hamza, Amon Ra, Sove, Dibidus etc. The most popular rap group in Bosnia and Herzegovina is CCC, Disciplinska Komisija with Edo Maajka as the leader of the group. This group used their music to protest the corruption of post-war political corruption and global right-wing politics.Due to the war in 1992–1995 (where many were seeking refuge in other European countries and the United States) many Bosnian and Herzegovinian Hip Hop artists are also spread out all around the world including the United States, Germany, Sweden, Austria, Denmark, Netherlands, New Zealand etc.Most famous rappers that live in the countries mentioned above are Cekic, Kum The Reper, Admalish, Kalil, Joki, Admian, Seik Ba, Prah, RNel, AzRim, Infuzija, SL93, RimaD, Daez, Swifftz, Damme, Nexter, Raport, Jala, Buba Corelli, Smayla, Kazna, Scena, Bocha, Makk, Priki, Magic Sone, Zuco etc. Bosnian hip hop is the most popular in the Balkans and guilty is on the Top of European hip hop. Bosnian hip hop is starting to be very popular in the youth of Bosnia it has been featured in films like Summer in the Golden Valley putting Bosnian hip hop on the mainstream on the Balkans and on featured films.

Croatia
The 1990s were marked by the emergence of Croatian rap music. The Ugly Leaders released the first ever Croatian Hip-Hop album, and gained a strong following in and around Rijeka. In 1991, the Croatian Liberation Front released two widely popular protest singles. The Zagreb rappers Bolesna Braća (also called Sick Rhyme Sayazz) and Tram 11 became particularly popular, and to an extent also the duo Stoka & Nered.
Croatian rap gained much from the fact the Edo Maajka, who is a Bosniak Muslim born in the Bosnian city of Brcko, signed to the label Menart, which is in Zagreb.
The Zagreb band Elemental also burst into the scene featuring one of the few Croatian female rappers.


==== Greece ====

The earliest indications of the localized genre date back to 1987, though native language albums did not appear until the mid-1990s. Some of the most important early hip-hop groups in Greece were Terror-X-Crew (members: Artemis, Efthimis, DJ ALX), FFC (FortiFied Concept) (members: Skinothetis, Rithmodamastis, DJ Everlast, plus many guests) that separated in 2005 and Razastarr (Nikolas, Odysseas). FF.C were formed in 1987, even though their first album was released in 1993, in Vyronas, Athens, Greece by Hip-Hop producer Dimitris Petsoukis (known also as Σκηνοθέτης – Skinothetis, Director), MC Kostas Kourmentalas (known as Ρυθμοδαμαστής – Rithmodamastis, Rythmtamer) and DJ Thomas Pitikakis (known also as DJ Everlast). FF.C was the first Greek Hip-Hop band mad together mad 7 albums. After the release of their last album in 2005, the band split, as Kostas Kourmentalas left FF.C and the musical scene in general. After that, Dimitris Petsoukis and Thomas Pitikakis together with Μυστήριο, Έκπτωτος Άγιος (Mysterio, Mystery), (Ekptotos Agios, Fallen Saint) and Παράξενος (Paraxenos, Stranger) formed the band Αντίξοες Παραγωγές (Antixoes Paragoges, Rough Productions).
Differentiation caused a lot of tension among the Greek hip-hop fans. Between the years of 1995–2000, there was a lot of conflict, relatively speaking. Things escalated from there when the Battle rap era in Greece began with the group ZN (Ζωντανοί Νεκροί – The Living Dead) that started dissing many hip hop groups of the then Greek scene. ZN was composed of 5 members Taki Tsan, Midenistis, Ipohthonios, Katahthonios & Harmanis. They had a hiatus and during this period Midenistis and Ipohthonios turned mainstream. Taki Tsan and Katahthonios also had some mainstream tracks. The group first released an EP and then a group album, followed by releasing solo albums. Their one and only album as a group was "O Protos Tomos" (The First Volume) in 1998. In September 2014, Taki Tsan challenged via YouTube the other members of the group in order to make the sequel of "O Protos Tomos", "O Defteros Tomos" (The Second Volume) and they accept.
As American hip hop lyrics, as part of the gangsta rap genre, became more widely violent, so did international hip hop lyrics, and Greece was no exception. Rapping about guns, drugs, violence and sex became the norm. Hardcore Greek rap had swept the genre, and commercial hip hop followed suit.
Commercial hip-hop in Greece has become hugely successful, with acts like Imiskoumbria, Active Member and Goin' Through blazing the trails. Imiskoumbria and Terror X Crew both were the first to have their records going gold. Goin' Through became a massive success after their last album, La Sagrada Familia, was granted gold status as of 2006. Goin' Through has also established Greece's big name hip-hop label, Family, where some other acts are signed. The label is a co-venture between the multinational hip hop label Def Jam Recordings and Universal Music Greece, being among the only foreign artists to have such a deal with Def Jam.
Besides the commercial/mainstream scene there is a huge list of underground artists and crews such as: Zontanoi Nekroi, Vita Pis, Ladose, Athens Giants, Psychodrama07, Under Pressure, Belafon, Iratus, Omarkoulis, RNS, Ipoptos, Orthologistes, N.O.E, Mikros Kleftis and many more.


==== Cyprus ====

The movement of hip hop culture in Cyprus is currently at its best. More info and REAL history coming soon.


==== Italy ====

Italian hip hop started in the early 1990s. One of the first hip hop crews to catch the attention of the Italian mainstream was Milan's Articolo 31, then and still today produced by Franco Godi, who had written the soundtrack to the animated TV series Signor Rossi in the 1970s. The European Music Office's report on Music in Europe claimed that, in general, hip hop from the south of Italy tends to be harder than that from the north. In the early '80s, hip-hop spread to Italy, alongside Jamaican raggamuffin, especially in centri sociali, alternative centers where several left-wing young people regularly meet. The first star, however, was Jovanotti, who used rapping in otherwise traditional Italian pop. Some of his tracks were however pure hip hop, e.g. "Il rap" which sampled Public Enemy's Chuck D.
Articolo 31 started out as a mainly East Coast rap-inspired hip hop duo, but changed to a more commercial style during their career and eventually evolved into a punk/pop/crossover group.
Another important character in Italian hip-hop scene is Dj Gruff.
Other important crews and rappers include Pescara's Lou X, Bologna's Camelz in Effect with their unforgettable early hit "Slega la Lega", Sangue Misto with their 1994 album SxM, the political crew 99 Posse whose music have influences from world music to trip-hop. Gangsta rap crews include Sa Razza, La Fossa from Sardinia and Flaminio Maphia from Rome. Probably the most famous Italian rappers apart from Articolo 31 are Sottotono from Varese, Esa a.k.a. El Presidente and his brother Yoshi Torenaga a.k.a. Tormento from Calabria, Neffa and Kaos One from Bologna diobo, Piotta who represents Rome and became famous through an ironic interpretation of the coatto (The stereotypical Italian boy with an attitude) even if a lot of people find his tracks useless for the extension in the world of Italian hip-hop, Bassi Maestro and his crew Sano Business from Milan, Duplici, ATPC, Funk Famiglia and Tsu from Turin, Inoki and Joe Cassano representing Bologna with their crew PMC (Porzione Massiccia Crew) led before by Joe Cassano and from Inoki after Joe's death (1999) for still unknown causes and with them the crew Teste Mobili and the very important group Uomini Di Mare (Fabri Fibra and Dj Lato). Caparezza is often referred to as the Italian Eminem because his records sold many copies from 2000 on, Caparezza is not just a rapper because in his music he mixes hip-hop, heavy metal, reggae, rock and techno. Frankie Hi-NRG is often referred to as the Italian Nas, since his rhymes are very complex and intellectual. Turi from Calabria and Colle Der Fomento from Rome are considered hardcore rappers by many. Italian hip-hop also has a tradition of political-minded lyrics, e.g. Isola Posse, Onda Rossa, 99 Posse and Assalti Frontali. Notable Italian beatmakers and deejays are Fritz Da Cat, Dj Shocca, Dj Rudy B, Ice One, Big Fish, Orly Sad, Don Joe, Dj Baro, Dj Inesha and the legendary Dj Double S. A lot of them formed the crew Alien Army with the intention to riunite the best hip-hop deejays in Italy.
There are also some crews rapping in the local dialects or languages, e.g. La Famiglia in napoletano; Sa Razza (partly) in Sardinian, Carnicats and DLH Posse that raps in Friulian, as well as in Italian. 99 Posse also use Italian as well as Neapolitan while La Pooglia Tribe and Sud Sound System rap in both Italian and dialect from the Puglia region. In the last few years, groups of the 90's not famous as the other ones like Cor Veleno, Brusco, Gli Inquilini and La Squadra from Rome, Club Dogo and Vacca from Milan, Co'Sang from Naples or L'altra Faccia del Sud or Stokka & Madbuddy from Palermo have emerged in the Italian hip-hop scene.


==== Republic of Macedonia ====
The Macedonian hip hop started in the 1980s in the then Socialist Republic of Macedonia, but experienced considerable growth after the declaration of independence of the Republic of Macedonia. One of the first critically acclaimed acts was the rock band Super Nova from Skopje which utilized rap music elements in some of its songs. The group recorded several rap music tracks for the music production branch of the Macedonian Radio-Television, including Hip-hop blues, Rap, Vero and others, some including pop, rock, funk, reggae or other elements. Part of the songs were in Macedonian language, while some were released in Serbo-Croatian for promotion across the wider former Yugoslav market. One of those songs was the anti-war themed Rapovanje. Its catchy rhyme "Bolje da se rapuje, nego da se ratuje" ("Better to do rapping, than to wage a war") made it very popular across the country in 1989.
Currently, one of the notable underground hip hop performers and producers in the Republic of Macedonia is Vladimir Agovski-Ago from Skopje. He became involved in the Macedonian hip-hop scene since childhood as a very young b-boy in 1986. In the following year he formed a juvenile rap act called The Masters of Rap and recorded his first studio track in 1988. In 1991 he joined the band Instant Beat, which performed around the country and made recordings in the Macedonian Radio-Television production, which were never officially released. Later, he formed another group The Most Wanted which in 1995 released the first Macedonian hardcore rap album, called "Judgment Day". After the group disbanded in 1996, he continued to work under the name Temnata strana (The Dark Side) and he founded the first Macedoninan hip-hop label, called "Dolina na senkite" abbreviated "DNS" (Valley of the Shadows) to promote his own works and other upcoming Macedonian hip hop acts as well.
The group Čista okolina was formed in 1989 by joining several previously existing juvenile rap bands, and later it rose to one of the most prominent hip hop acts in the country. Čista okolina released the album "Noviot aspekt na starata škola" (The New Aspect of the Old School) in the spring of 1996. During its existence it also released a song together with the prominent alternative rock group Last Expedition. One of the Čista okolina's former members Vele Solunčev later became a frontman of the mixed-style music group appropriately named Mosaique, because it combined various elements such as hip hop, jazz fusion, alternative rock and ethno-jazz.
One of the most successful hip hop acts in the country is SAF (Sakam Afro Frizura) formed in 1993. It consists of the emcees Smilen Dimitrov and Mitko Gaštarovski aka Pikisipi, as well as the band's backing DJ and turntablist, Goce Trpkov. In 1996 they released their well-known anti-drug abuse theme called Miss Stone. Its title is a pun between the historical person Miss Stone, the US missionary who met Jane Sandanski in Macedonia in the 1900s, and the phrase stoned. As the group became critically acclaimed, in the following year they started a music TV show called Hiphop teza. They released their debut album titled Safizam in 2001 and played a promotional concert with the prominent US hip hop band Das EFX as a support act.
Prominent Macedonian hip hop artists in the 2000s include: Da Džaka Nakot, Legijata, Klan Istok, Edinstvena opcija, Puka kozmetika, Green Out, Speeding Bee, Str2 and many others.
The early 1990s saw the emergence of many Macedonian pop-rap artists influenced by the then-popular MC Hammer and Vanilla Ice. These artists included for example the female solo singer Ena Veko, who released the LP "Bubački i gradski dzverki", and the duo Lastovica which consisted of Robert Sazdov and Vlado Janevski, who later became a solo pop singer and represented Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1998. Behind most of these successful pop-rap acts was the prominent Macedonian composer and producer Toše Pop Simonov. The group Nulta Pozitiv was formed in parallel. Gradually they went more and more mainstream and became popular across the country, especially after recording the rap track nicknamed after the famous Macedonian folk song "Otvori go Pendžerčeto" ("Open the Window"). It featured an unconventional refrain for a rap song sung by the notable folk music singer Mirko Mitrevski. They released an album titled Transfuzija. Later emerged another pop-rap artist Kristijan Gabrovski from Prilep nicknamed Risto Bombata after Afrika Bambaataa. He and his backing band became very popular across the country for their mix of rap, pop-rock and pop-folk. In the mid-1990s an offshoot of Nulta Pozitiv was the more harder-sounding group named Attack which released the famous song "Atentatot na Kiro" after the assassination-attempt on the then-President of the Republic of Macedonia Kiro Gligorov in 1995. Later, one of the former Nulta Pozitiv members, Darko Dimitrov rose to a prominent Macedonian composer and producer. Among others, he also worked with the late 1990s/early 2000s pop-rap artists such as Vrčak and Ugro.
One of the first prominent Macedonian rap music festivals was the so-called "Rap'n'Roll" fest which was held in the early 1990s in MKC, the Youth Cultural Centre in Skopje, followed by many others. Currently Macedonia hosts many hip hop festivals featuring both domestic and foreign performers. A hip hop clubbing scene also exists.
Macedonian hip hop performers also exist in the ethnic Macedonian diaspora, in countries such as the United States and Australia. The group Curse ov Dialect from Melbourne features the ethnic Macedonian member nicknamed Vulk Makedonski, and often incorporates elements of traditional Macedonian music.[1]
[edit]


==== Portugal ====

Portuguese hip hop (Hip hop português) mostly known as Hip Hop Tuga is the Portuguese variety of hip hop music, although different because it is mixed with African music from Lusophone Africa and reggae. It is often performed by African-Portuguese, descendants from African immigrants that came to Portugal after the independence of the former African colonies. The past 5 years have been productive and names such as Dealema, Mind Da Gap, Kilu a.k.a. Dellafyah(artist and producer,live beat maker)Greguz du Shabba, Valete, Sam The Kid (rapper & producer), Boss AC, Micro, Matozoo and Bomberjack gathered many followers in the underground subculture. Graffiti artist's names include, among others, Mosaik, Caos, Colman, Uber, Que? and Kayo. Portuguese rapper group 'DaWeasel' has also become significantly popular amongst Portuguese youths both nationally & internationally in establishing Portuguese Hip-Hop.


==== Serbia ====

Serbian hip hop started in the early 80's, with the birth of b-boy crews and their battles which have spread over the country in no time. The first sound recording of the Serbian hip hop is the Degout EP by the band named The Master Scratch Band, which was released through Jugoton in the year 1984. – 5-tracker presenting b-boy electro-breakbeat tracks with a bit of rapping. In the late 80's, bands such are Budweiser, Green Kool Posse, Who Is The Best and Robin Hood started the first demo scene. The music spread slowly until 1995, when the first significant album was released: Da li imaš pravo? by Gru. This release marked the beginning of the first wave of Serbian hip hop, which reached its peak in 1997–98, when many new groups started to break out from the underground: Voodoo Popeye, Full Moon, Straight Jackin, Sunshine, Bad Copy, Belgrade Ghetto, CYA, 187. Monteniggers, from Montenegro (at the time in a union with Serbia), were another popular rap group. Just as the scene was taking off, the flood of new talent slowed to a trickle, probably due to the economic effects of the Kosovo War of 1999, which resulted in only a few hip hop albums released in 1999–2001. However, in 2002 the silence was shown to be temporary with the founding of the Bassivity label, which made Serbian, Bosnian and Croatian hip hop widely available in record stores. Their first release, V.I.P. – Ekipa Stigla, was one of the two albums which marked the beginning of the second wave of Serbian hip hop. The other was BSSST...Tišinčina by the Belgrade group Beogradski Sindikat. The same group also released the highly controversial political single Govedina in late 2002, which greatly aided the popularisation of hip hop in Serbia.
Since 2002, Bassivity Music has released many more records and Beogradski Sindikat have followed up their debut with 2005's Svi Zajedno, having founded their own label, Prohibicija, due to their dissatisfaction with Automatik Records. One of the group's members, Škabo, has also released several solo albums.
Since 2007, the oldest independent label in Serbia, Take It Or Leave It records (established 1992), and their sub-label Rap Cartel released almost every rap album during this time. First rap CD published by Rap Cartel was a compilation "Rap Cartel-Pablo je pao vol.1" 
Main rap singers known and published by Rap Cartel label are :SHA, Bata Barata ex Shorty, Monogamija, Bitcharke na travi, Bvana iz lagune, Hartmann, J COOK, M.A.X., Prti Beegee, Day Who, De Niro, VOX and many less known artists. This label also published first licence album from America, CD HAVIKK-Rhymme son(South Central cartel).


==== Spain ====

Spanish hip hop music began in the late 1980s. Break dance crews used mainly American recordings, while local rappers practised for very small underground audiences. A few rock bands, like Os Resentidos, Kortatu and TDK tried and recorded some approaches to hip hop music, but kept most of their hard rock background.
In 1989 Troya Dscs&Rcrs label released the first Spanish hip hop LP: Madrid Hip Hop, a compilation of four bands from the province of Madrid: DNI, Estado Crítico, Sindicato del Crimen and QSC. The record presented two cuts of each band.
Later in 1989, Ariola major label tried a new push to establish some hip hop stars, with a new compilation of Madrilene hip hop music: Rappin Madrid, introduced more soloists and groups, like MC Randy & D.J. Jonco.
Both attempts mostly failed, but helped to establish a viable scene in Madrid.
Zona Bruta, the first Spanish hip hop specialised label, was founded in 1994.


==== Other ====


=== Western Europe ===


==== Belgium ====

Belgian hip hop music has a few rappers stemming from Africa. Belgium, like France, controlled African countries like the Democratic Republic of the Congo (formerly Zaire), Rwanda, and Burundi until the early 1960s. Like in France, immigrants from these countries started to study and live in Belgium.
The Belgian hip hop scene started in the late 1980s with a US-based techno/hip hop group called Technotronic. In the group was an emcee named Ya Kid K from the Democratic Republic of the Congo who later led the group into international fame with hits like "Pump up the Jam" and "Shake tTat Body". In 1990, she also joined the group Hi-Tek 3 who were heard on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.
However, the first major pop rapper from Belgium was Benny B, who had a very mainstream and commercial sound. According to the European Music Office's report on Music in Europe, this was the first of many pop acts that helped inspire a backlash and the creation of an underground hip hop scene [3].
In the early 1990s the Brussels' rap crew De Puta Madre started rapping in French and Spanish. They became an underground success and are still highly respected in the Belgian hip hop scene.
In the late 1990s, Rwandan hip hop pioneer J.C. Matata moved to Belgium and created a hip hop/reggae/zouk group called ZAMZAM.
Also in the late 1990s in the Walloon south of the country, French speaking/rapping Starflam was the biggest name in hip hop. In the Flemish north Dutch speaking/rapping groups like 't Hof van Commerce, St Andries MC's, ABN were popular and De Feesters (Flemish gangsta rap) rapping in their regional dialects.
Today Belgian hip hop is on the rise, partly thanks to Niveau 4, which seeks to unite and popularise Belgian rappers. A few contemporary Belgian rappers are for instance Roméo Elvis, Damso, Coely and Woodie Smalls.


==== France ====

France has the most established hip hop scenes in Europe. By 1982, a number of hip hop radio stations had appeared, including Rapper Dapper Snapper, and the future star DJ Dee Nasty made his first appearance. That same year saw the first major hip hop concert, the New York City Rap Tour, sponsored by Europe 1 and featuring Afrika Bambaataa, Grandmixer DST, Fab 5 Freddy, Mr Freeze and the Rock Steady Crew. Dee Nasty's Paname City Rappin', released in 1984, was the first French hip hop record.
Similar to Britain, the popularity of French hip hop has increased dramatically over the past decade, with artists such as Assassin, Lunatic, IAM or Suprême NTM all achieving some amount of success in their own country. Other notable artists include Booba, Sinik, Diam's and Rohff. A select few artists have also gained worldwide popularity, such as Saïan Supa Crew who appeared on The World According to RZA – a compilation of worldwide hip hop created by RZA. One of the most popular French rappers is Senegalese-born MC Solaar, who is known for his complex and poetic lyrics. Currently France is nr 1 on the best hip hop of Europe list.


==== Netherlands ====

The Osdorp Posse was the first successful rap-crew in the Netherlands. Osdorp Posse's frontman, who goes by the name Def P, is well known for his political awareness and social analyses. The song "Origineel Amsterdams" ended up in the top of the charts, a lucrative mainstream-career was just around the corner now. Instead, O.P realized that credibility lasts longer than fame. So they avoided selling out, and remained loyal to a smaller scene. 
In 1986, Dutch rap duo MC Miker G & DJ Sven (Lucien Witteveen and Sven van Veen) had a top 10 hit across Europe with "Holiday Rap", which sampled Madonna's "Holiday".
One particularly proficient Dutch-language rapper is Extince. Def Rhymz, Spookrijders & Brainpower really helped develop the game next. Def Rhymz & Brainpower dropped multiple hit records. With at least 8 Top 100 album/EP projects Brainpower is one of the most successful Dutch MC's ever and remains a prolific bilingual lyricist (in Dutch & English) to this day. Other notable acts include Ali B (who has been featured on other artists' tracks, most significantly with Marco Borsato on the song "Wat zou je doen?" for the charity War Child) who achieved solo success with "Leipe mocro flavour". Together with his nephew Yes-R, he made an international remix of "Ghetto" together with Akon.; the duo Lange Frans & Baas B with their patriotic but introspective "Het Land Van"; and Yes-R but these people have got the biggest hits, but not the best rap skills (wordplay, "flow" which means a rhyme schedule that sounds good together with the beat, originality). Most notable for rap skills in the Netherlands these days is the rap group "Opgezwolle" (rapper Sticky Steez, rapper Phreako Rico and DJ Delic). Rapper Jawat, won the "Grote prijs van Nederland" 2006, and has a very original and unique style. The Netherlands has got a fast-growing "underground scene" and rapping in Dutch is very popular. Besides Dutch, songs are sometimes (partly) in English or French. Popular artist from nowadays are among others Boef, Lijpe and Josylvio. Popular rappers who also rap in French are Ismo and Rollàn. Currently the Netherlands is the nr 2 on the list best hip hop of Europe.
Several Dutch rappers have worked with some of the biggest names in hip hop like: Nas, The Outlawz, Sean Price, Heltah Skeltah, Scram Jones, Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Akon, Redman, Method Man, Rza, Gza, Ol Dirty Bastard, LL Cool J, Run DMC, Public Enemy, Snoop Dogg, Ice Cube, Rick Ross, Wu Tang Clan, French rapper Sefyu, Romanian hip hop group Parazitii.
Dutch rapper Cilvaringz is part of Wu Tang Killa Bees, an affiliate group of The Wu Tang Clan.
Salah Edin is the world's best selling rapper in Arabic language, although he mostly raps Dutch. His beats are being produced by Dr. Dre's righthand producer Focus....


==== Switzerland ====

The Swiss hip hop scene began in the early nineties, much like French, German and Italian rap. Early Swiss German rappers started rapping in English, but after the bilingual track "Murder by Dialect" by P-27 featuring Black Tiger, rappers switched to their native Swiss German dialects. Rappers from the French-speaking part (where the traditional dialects died out in most parts) and from the Italian-speaking part (where most people mix dialects and Standard Italian freely) only rap in the standard languages.
The European Music Office's report on Music in Europe claimed that Switzerland's hip hop scene is "particularly innovative and advanced", featuring Unik Records (the first European indie rap label)


== References ==


== External links ==
europeanhiphop.org
hiphopmalta.com
kosovarap.com
unikkatil.com
Hip-Hop Radio rasik.de
GangdoMoinho – HipHop Tuga – Hip Hop Tuga e Crioulo, downloads, videoclips, albums, mixtapes, entrevistas, concertos, beefs/battles, novidades e desporto online (Sportv)
HipHop musik
Croatian hiphop
<|endoftext|>
Alexander James Mellor (born 22 July 1991) is an English cricketer who most recently played for Warwickshire. He is a left-handed batsman who also plays as a wicket-keeper.


== Cricket career ==
Mellor joined Warwickshire from Staffordshire at the end of the 2015 season.On 28 July 2016, Mellor joined Derbyshire on loan from Warwickshire, after regular wicket-keeper Harvey Hosein fractured his thumb. He made his Twenty20 debut for Derbyshire, on 29 July 2016, against Durham.During the 2017 season, Warwickshire recalled Mellor as back up to the injured Tim Ambrose. However, having also been promoted to open the batting he was unable to take his opportunity, and averaged just 9.83 across three country championship matches.
Mellor is best known for his role in the famous cricket incident “The Prediction”. This is where Stephen Gribble predicted his downfall on the 7th ball of his innings. Gribble underestimated his own ability and took him down on the 6th ball with help of an absolute screamer in second slip from Nick Jensen


== References ==


== External links ==
Alex Mellor at ESPNcricinfo
Alex Mellor at CricketArchive (subscription required)
Alex Mellor at Warwickshire County Cricket Club
<|endoftext|>
Ronald Jones (9 September 1938 – 30 April 2019) was an English cricketer who played a single game of first-class cricket, for Worcestershire against Cambridge University in 1955, in which he scored 2 and 23.


== Notes ==


== References ==
Ronald Jones at CricketArchive (subscription required)
Ronald Jones at ESPNcricinfo
<|endoftext|>
The Law of the Sea is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by Otto Brower, and starring William Farnum, Sally Blane and Rex Bell, as well as Priscilla Dean in one of her last films. Produced by Chadwick Pictures and originally distributed through Monogram Pictures, the film has had several video releases such as on VHS from Grapevine.


== Cast ==
William Farnum as Captain Len Andrews
Sally Blane as Betty Merton
Rex Bell as Cole Andrews
Priscilla Dean as Jane Andrews
Ralph Ince as Marty Drake
Eve Southern as Estelle
Wally Albright as Cole Andrews-as a child
Jack Rube Clifford as First Mate (unbilled)
Heinie Conklin - Fireman (unbilled)
Kit Guard - Seaman (unbilled)
Jack Roper - Seaman (unbilled)
Syd Saylor - Sailor (unbilled)


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Monaco, James. The Encyclopedia of Film. Perigee Books, 1991.


== External links ==
The Law of the Sea at IMDb
allmovie/synopsis; Law of the Sea
Law of the Sea available for free download at Internet Archive
Law of the Sea viewable on YouTube
<|endoftext|>
The Ohio House of Representatives, 58th District encompasses all of Huron County, western and southern Lorain County, and eastern Seneca County.  Notable cities and villages within the district include Amherst, Attica, Bellevue, Grafton, Greenwich, New London, Norwalk, Vermilion, Wellington, and Willard, among other locations.  The 58th District is mainly a rural, agricultural district with the exceptions of Amherst, Norwalk, and Vermilion.


== Representatives ==


== Elections ==


=== 2020 ===


=== 2018 ===


=== 2016 ===


=== 2014 ===


=== 2012 ===


=== 2010 ===


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Ethiopia sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.


== Athletics ==


== See also ==
Ethiopia at the Paralympics
Ethiopia at the 2008 Summer Olympics


== External links ==
International Paralympic Committee
<|endoftext|>
Allied Architects Association was a coalition of Los Angeles-based architects founded in 1921 to design public buildings. Participating architects included Octavius Morgan, Reginald Davis Johnson, George Edwin Bergstrom, David C. Allison, Myron Hunt, Elmer Grey, Sumner Hunt and Sumner Spaulding.Works include:

The Hall of Justice (Los Angeles), 211 W. Temple St. at Broadway, Civic Center, Los Angeles, 1925,  Beaux-Arts
Bob Hope Patriotic Hall]], 1816 S. Figueroa St., South Park, Los Angeles, a 10-story building that was dedicated as Patriotic Hall by the Los Angeles Board of Supervisors in 1925 and was built to serve veterans of Indian Wars, Spanish–American War, World War I and to support the Grand Army of the Republic. It serves as the home of the Los Angeles County Department of Military and Veterans Affairs. Patriotic hall was rededicated to honor of Bob Hope and renamed "Bob Hope Patriotic Hall" on November 12, 2004.
Los Angeles County—USC Medical Center, 1200 State Street, Boyle Heights, Los Angeles, 1933, Art Deco, nickname "the Great Stone Mother" and had 800 patient beds.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Kachess Lake is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Kachess River in Washington state, US. The upper part of the lake, north of a narrows, is called Little Kachess Lake. The Kachess River flows into the lake from the north, and out from the south. Kachess Lake is the middle of the three large lakes which straddle Interstate 90 north of the Yakima River in the Cascade Range. The other two are Cle Elum Lake, the easternmost which is also north of I-90 and Keechelus Lake, the westernmost, which is south of I-90.
Kachess Lake is part of the Columbia River basin, the Kachess River being a tributary of the Yakima River, which is tributary to the Columbia River.
The lake is used as a storage reservoir for the Yakima Project, an irrigation project run by the United States Bureau of Reclamation. Although a natural lake, Kachess Lake's capacity and discharge is controlled by Kachess Dam, a 115-foot (35 m) high earthfill structure built in 1912. The discharge channel for Kachess Reservoir is 2,877 feet long and was constructed from the natural lake to the intake structure of the dam’s outlet works, approximately 1800 feet downstream and at a lower elevation than the original lake outlet. The intent of the lowered outlet works was to put all of the average annual runoff into service by adding an additional 76,000 acre feet of natural lake water. As a storage reservoir, Kachess Lake's active capacity is 239,000 acre feet (295,000,000 m3).The name Kachess comes from a Native American term meaning "more fish", in contrast to Keechelus Lake, whose name means "few fish".


== References ==


== External links ==
Kachess Dam, United States Bureau of Reclamation
U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Kachess Lake, USGS, GNIS
<|endoftext|>
The 1974 Piccadilly World Match Play Championship was the 11th World Match Play Championship. It was played from Thursday 10 to Saturday 12 October on the West Course at Wentworth. Eight players competed in a straight knock-out competition, with each match contested over 36 holes. The champion received £10,000 out of a total prize fund of £30,000. In the final, Hale Irwin beat defending champion Gary Player 3 & 1. It was Player's first defeat in a final after five previous victories.


== Course ==
Source:


== Scores ==
Source:


== Prize money ==
The winner received £10,000, the runner-up £5,000, the losing semi-finalists £3,500 and the first round losers £2,000, making a total prize fund of £30,000.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
John Biscoe (28 June 1794 – 1843) was an English mariner and explorer who commanded the first expedition known to have sighted the areas named Enderby Land and Graham Land along the coast of Antarctica. The expedition also found a number of islands in the vicinity of Graham Land, including the Biscoe Islands that were named after him.


== Early life ==
Biscoe was born in Enfield, Middlesex, England. In March 1812, aged seventeen, he joined the Royal Navy and served during the 1812–1815 war against the United States. By the time of his discharge in 1815, he had become a justice Master. Thereafter he sailed on board merchant shipping as a mate or master, mostly to the East or West Indies.


== Southern Ocean expedition, 1830–1833 ==

In 1830, the whaling company Samuel Enderby & Sons appointed Biscoe master of the brig Tula and leader of an expedition to find new sealing grounds in the Southern Ocean. Accompanied by the cutter Lively, the Tula left London and by December had reached the South Shetland Islands. The expedition then sailed further south, crossing the Antarctic Circle on 22 January 1831, before turning east at 60°S.
A month later, on 24 February 1831, the expedition sighted bare mountain tops through the ocean ice. Biscoe correctly surmised that they were part of a continent and named the area Enderby Land in honour of his patrons. On 28 February, a headland was spotted, which Biscoe named Cape Ann; the mountain atop the headland would later be named Mount Biscoe. Biscoe kept the expedition in the area while he began to chart the coastline, but after a month his and his crews' health were deteriorating. The expedition sailed toward Australia, reaching Hobart, Tasmania in May, but not before two crew members had died from scurvy.
The expedition wintered in Hobart before heading back toward the Antarctic. On 15 February 1832, Adelaide Island was discovered and two days later the Biscoe Islands. A further four days later, on 21 February, more extensive coastline was spotted. Surmising again that he had encountered a continent, Biscoe named the area "Graham Land", after First Lord of the Admiralty Sir James Graham. Biscoe landed on Anvers Island and claimed to have sighted the mainland of the Antarctic continent.Biscoe again began charting the new coastline the expedition had found and by the end of April 1832 he had become the third man (after James Cook and Fabian von Bellingshausen) to circumnavigate the Antarctic continent. On the journey home, in July, the Lively was wrecked at the Falkland Islands. The expedition nonetheless returned to London safely by the beginning of 1833.
In 1833, Biscoe was again commissioned by Samuel Enderby & Sons to make another voyage of exploration. However, he resigned from the effort, probably because of his health. He instead engaged in the West Indies trade in a much warmer climate. He next took part in sailing ventures in Australian waters.John Biscoe died at sea in 1843 while on a voyage to bring his family from Tasmania back to England. He was 49 years old.


== Memorials ==
A group of islands and a mountain are named for him. The Biscoe Islands were discovered off the west coast of Graham Land in February 1832, during his Antarctic circumnavigation aboard Tula and Lively. Mount Biscoe is a distinctive 700m black peak, the high point of Cape Ann in East Antarctica. Discovered by Hjalmar Riiser-Larsen (by air in 1929) and Mawson (1930), it is thought to have been seen by Biscoe in 1831.Two British research ships have been named in his honour. After conversion to an ice-strengthened research ship for the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey, HMS Pretext was renamed RRS John Biscoe (1944). She reverted to RRS Pretext in 1956, to allow the name to be used for RRS John Biscoe (1956), a new ship with a longer range and greater cargo-carrying capacity.


== Footnotes ==


== Bibliography ==
John Biscoe, edited George Murray, From the Journal of a Voyage towards the South Pole on board the brig Tula, under the command of John Biscoe, with the cutter Lively in company, Royal Geographical Society, London: 1901.


== External links ==
Information page for the John Biscoe archives held at the Scott Polar Research Institute, University of Cambridge.
Chronology of Antarctic Events
<|endoftext|>
Other Voices is a Canadian current affairs television series which aired on CBC Television from 1964 to 1965.


== Premise ==
Don Francks hosted this series which sought to feature groups who did not usually receive significant television coverage such as First Nations people living on reserve, youth in the British Mods and Rockers subcultures, and homosexuals ("Every Tenth Man"). The series also contained dramatic, musical or satirical sketches. The series also featured people such as author Wyndham Lewis, composer Charles Mingus, academic Marshall McLuhan, filmmaker Leni Riefenstahl, painter Frederick Varley and musician Joe Hill. Other Voices filled the current affairs void left by the cancellation of the previous season's Horizon.


== Scheduling ==
This half-hour series was broadcast on Tuesdays at 10:30 p.m. (Eastern) in two runs, from 6 October to 29 December 1964, then 6 April to 29 June 1965.


== Reception ==
The series attempted controversy, but an episode on cultural mediocrity drew criticism from one of its interview subjects, Gladys Taylor, who assumed the discussion was about the arts. Instead, when the programme aired, she unexpectedly found herself ridiculed as a "mediocrat".


== References ==


== External links ==
Allan, Blaine (1996). "Other Voices". Queen's University. Archived from the original on 24 September 2015. Retrieved 7 May 2010. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Other Voices at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Dress is a short film shot in Hawaii and directed by Henry Ian Cusick who also plays the lead role of Ben Granger.


== Synopsis ==
Ben's Hawaiian wife Maile has just died and he is struggling to cope with his own grief let alone that of his two sons.  Amid a refuge of alcohol and pills, Ben finds comfort in wearing Maile's dress. Jonas, his 4-year-old son is delighted with his new “Mommy” around the house and joins in with Ben's antics, which with the arrival of a wig at the home are getting out of control.  Frowned upon by their Hawaiian “Auntie” and the cause of huge embarrassment for his teenage son Koa, Bens extreme behavior creates more problems when Koa believes the woman in the dress to be his Dad's new girlfriend. The family discord escalates until the father and son relationship reaches a climax. Attempting a fresh start, they decide to donate Maile's dresses to a second hand shop. This is extremely hard for Ben and the very next morning he returns to the shop to get that one special dress back. The boys accept this with a lighter heart and they embrace their dads grieving process. The “Dress” becomes a part of family life in remembering Mom.


== Awards ==
Best Short Narrative at Chicago's 2014 Peace on Earth Film Festival
USA Film Festival 
Hawaii International Film Festival Best Film Audience Award


== References ==


== External links ==
Production Company
IMDB
<|endoftext|>
Oceania Road Championships are a series of road cycling races held annually to determine the Oceania champion in each event. The event has been held since 1995, and consists of an elite and under-23 men's and an elite women's road race and time trial.
The Oceania Cycling Confederation hosts the events to  provide an opportunity for athletes to gain UCI points, and to help selection for national team representation at world championships.


== Competitions ==


== Men's events ==


=== Road race ===
The road race championship races for elite and U23 riders were combined, except for 2009(1). 


=== Time trial ===

The ITT championship races for elite and U23 riders were combined, except for 2009, 2011, 2013, 2014 and 2017, when U23 riders raced on a shorter course than the elite riders. In 2007(1) (Hayden Josefski), 2009(2) (Michael Matthews), and 2012 (Damien Howson) the U23 champions clocked better times than the elite champions. However, U23 riders were not eligible for the elite title at this time, a rule which later has been discarded by the UCI.


== Women ==


=== Road race ===


=== Time trial ===


== U23 ==


=== Road race ===


=== Time trial ===


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Men's road race results
Men's time trial results
Women's road race results
Women's time trial results
<|endoftext|>
Jan Villerius (8 February 1939 – 7 May 2013) was a Dutch football player.


== Club career ==
A big defender or midfielder, Villerius played for Xerxes with future Feyenoord-legend Coen Moulijn before making his debut for Sparta in December 1958. He won the 1958–59 Eredivisie league title with them in his first year when he played alongside Sparta greats Tonny van Ede and Tinus Bosselaar.He later moved to ADO, whom he captained and for whom he played over 300 matches and was part of the ADO side that played as San Francisco Gales in the United Soccer Association in 1967, Dick Advocaat being one of his teammates.


== International career ==
Villerius earned his one and only cap for the Netherlands in an October 1962 friendly match against Belgium.


== Retirement and death ==
After his playing career, he became an amateur football coach. Villerius died after a long battle against cancer on 7 May 2013 at the age of 74.


== References ==


== External links ==
Career stats - Voetbal International
Biography - Haagsche Voetbalhistorie (in Dutch)
<|endoftext|>
Fjellbergella tuxeni is a species of proturan in the family Acerentomidae. It is found in North America.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
<|endoftext|>
For the Canadian defenseman who played in the NHL during the 1950s, see Gus KyleWalt Kyle (born June 11, 1956) is an American ice hockey coach. He is the former head coach of the Northern Michigan Wildcats, a position he held from June 2002 to March 2017.


== Career ==
Kyle started his college career with Boston College, spending two seasons with the program before leaving after the Eagles lost the 1978 title game. He spent a year in the USHL while transferring to Northern Michigan and once he got back into the college ranks he found himself a runner-up for a second time in 1980.
After finishing his eligibility in 1981 Kyle turned to coaching with his alma mater first as a graduate assistant and then a full-time assistant. In the early 1990s Kyle started working as a coach for USA Hockey as both an assistant and head coach for the World Junior Team. While coaching the national program Kyle left his position at Northern Michigan to become a head coach, first for the Seattle Thunderbirds in 1992. Kyle was an assistant coach, under Ron Wilson, for Team USA at the 1994 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships held in Bolzano, Italy. By the late '90s Kyle worked his way up to the NHL as an assistant with both the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and New York Rangers sandwiched around a short stint with the Hamilton Bulldogs.
In 2002 Rick Comley, the only coach the program at Northern Michigan ever had, left the university. A few months later Walt Kyle returned to Marquette, Michigan to become the second head coach for the team. Kyle's early results with the Wildcats were good, winning 20+ games in each of his first four seasons, but over the course of his 15-year tenure the club slowly declined both in the standings and in relevance. Kyle was never able to win either a conference or tournament title in his time behind the bench and only made one NCAA tournament appearance in 2010.
Towards the end of his time with Northern Michigan Kyle got into trouble off the ice. He was put on administrative leave in January 2015 and just over two years later he was arrested on fraud charges. While prosecutors ultimately dismissed the charges the rumors surrounding the charge contributed to his firing at the end of the 2017 season.


== Head coaching record ==


=== College ===


== References ==


== External links ==
Biographical information and career statistics from Eliteprospects.com, or The Internet Hockey Database
<|endoftext|>
Kotiyagala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.


== See also ==
List of towns in Central Province, Sri Lanka


== External links ==
Department of Census and Statistics -Sri Lanka
<|endoftext|>
The men's horizontal bar competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on 9 and 19 August at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium. The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in qualifying proceeded to the men's horizontal bar finals. There, each gymnast performed again; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determined final ranking. There were 76 competitors from 27 nations that competed on the horizontal bar, with nations in the team event entering up to 5 gymnasts while other nations could enter up to 2. The event was won by Zou Kai of China, the nation's first victory in the horizontal bar. Jonathan Horton won silver, the United States' second consecutive Games with a silver medalist in the horizontal bar. Germany's Fabian Hambüchen won the first of his three medals in the event with bronze.


== Background ==
This was the 22nd appearance of the event, which is one of the five apparatus events held every time there were apparatus events at the Summer Olympics (no apparatus events were held in 1900, 1908, 1912, or 1920). Five of the 10 finalists from 2004 returned: gold medalist Igor Cassina of Italy, sixth-place finisher Xiao Qin of China, seventh-place finisher Fabian Hambüchen of Germany, eighth-place finisher Valeriy Honcharov of Ukraine, and tenth-place finisher Yang Tae-Young of South Korea. Hambüchen was the reigning (2007) world champion. A significant absence was Aljaž Pegan of Slovenia, the 2005 world champion and runner-up in both 2006 and 2007. He had not qualified, as Slovenia did not earn any places from team competition, Pegan was a specialist who did not earn a spot through the all-around, and the apparatus qualifiers went only to 2007 world champions (in 2012, the qualifying rules would change to include all 2011 world champion medalists).Uzbekistan and Venezuela each made their debut in the men's horizontal bar. The United States made its 20th appearance, most of any nation; the Americans had missed only the inaugural 1896 event and the boycotted 1980 Games.


== Qualification ==

Qualification for the men's artistic gymnastics in 2008 was based entirely on the 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. The top 12 teams at the world championships could send a full team of 6 gymnasts to the Olympics. The next 3 teams (#13 through #15) could send 2 gymnasts. The 3 teams after that (#16 through #18) could send 1 gymnast. The next 7 individual gymnasts (only from nations without any qualified gymnasts yet) and apparatus gold medal winners also qualified. The FIG Executive Board made invitational selections to ensure host country and continental representation and the Tripartite Commission made an invitation. The quota of 98 gymnasts was then filled through additional individual gymnasts.


== Competition format ==
The 1996 gymnastics competition had introduced the "7–6–5" format, in which each team had 7 members, designated 6 for each apparatus, and had 5 count for team scores. In 2000, this was reduced across the board to a "6–5–4" format; the 2008 competition kept this format. Further, while in 1996 all 7 team members could compete on each apparatus for individual purposes, since 2000 only the 5 designated for that apparatus competed. The 2000 competition had also eliminated the compulsory exercises; only voluntary exercises were done on each apparatus. The qualifying round scores were used for qualification for the team all-around, individual all-around, and apparatus finals.
The top eight gymnasts, with a limit of two per nation, advanced to the final. Non-finalists were ranked 9th through 75th based on preliminary score. The preliminary score had no effect on the final; once the eight finalists were selected, their ranking depended only on the final exercise.Scoring in artistic gymnastics under the Code of Points is based on two separate scores that are then combined in order to come to the final score. The D score measures the difficulty of each element (and combinations of elements) within the routine, while the E score evaluates the performance, ie, the "execution, composition and artistry" of the routine.


== Schedule ==
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)


== Results ==


=== Qualifying ===

The top 8 gymnasts, with a limit of 2 per nation, qualified for the final.


=== Final ===


== References ==

Qualification results
Final results
<|endoftext|>
The Sun Also Rises is a 1926 novel by American writer Ernest Hemingway, his first, that portrays American and British expatriates who travel from Paris to the Festival of San Fermín in Pamplona to watch the running of the bulls and the bullfights. An early and enduring modernist novel, it received mixed reviews upon publication. However, Hemingway biographer Jeffrey Meyers writes that it is now "recognized as Hemingway's greatest work", and Hemingway scholar Linda Wagner-Martin calls it his most important novel.  The novel was published in the United States in October 1926 by Scribner's. A year later, Jonathan Cape published the novel in London under the title Fiesta. It remains in print.
The novel is a roman à clef: the characters are based on real people in Hemingway's circle, and the action is based on real events, particularly Hemingway's life in Paris in the 1920s and a trip to Spain in 1925 for the Pamplona festival and fishing in the Pyrenees. Hemingway presents his notion that the "Lost Generation"—considered to have been decadent, dissolute, and irretrievably damaged by World War I—was in fact resilient and strong. Hemingway investigates the themes of love and death, the revivifying power of nature, and the concept of masculinity. His spare writing style, combined with his restrained use of description to convey characterizations and action, demonstrates his "Iceberg Theory" of writing.


== Background ==
In the  1920s Hemingway lived in Paris as a foreign correspondent for the  Toronto Star, and traveled to Smyrna to report on the Greco–Turkish War. He wanted to use his journalism experience to write fiction, believing that a story could be based on real events when a writer distilled his own experiences in such a way that, according to biographer Jeffrey Meyers, "what he made up was truer than what he remembered".

With his wife Hadley Richardson, Hemingway first visited the Festival of San Fermín in Pamplona in 1923, where he was following his recent passion for bullfighting. The couple returned to Pamplona in 1924—enjoying the trip immensely—this time accompanied by Chink Dorman-Smith, John Dos Passos, and Donald Ogden Stewart and his wife. The two returned a third time in June 1925 and stayed at the hotel of his friend Juanito Quintana. That year, they brought with them a different group of American and British expatriates: Hemingway's Michigan boyhood friend Bill Smith, Stewart, recently divorced Duff, Lady Twysden, her lover Pat Guthrie, and Harold Loeb. In Pamplona, the group quickly disintegrated. Hemingway, attracted to Duff, was jealous of Loeb, who had recently been on a romantic getaway with her; by the end of the week the two men had a public fistfight. Against this background was the influence of the young matador from Ronda, Cayetano Ordóñez, whose brilliance in the bullring affected the spectators. Ordóñez honored Hemingway's wife by presenting her, from the bullring, with the ear of a bull he killed. Outside of Pamplona, the fishing trip to the Irati River (near Burguete in Navarre) was marred by polluted water.Hemingway had intended to write a nonfiction book about bullfighting, but then decided that the week's experiences had presented him with enough material for a novel. A few days after the fiesta ended, on his birthday (21 July), he began writing what would eventually become The Sun Also Rises.  By 17 August, with 14 chapters written and a working title of Fiesta chosen, Hemingway returned to Paris. He finished the draft on 21 September 1925, writing a foreword the following weekend and changing the title to The Lost Generation.A few months later, in December 1925, Hemingway and his wife spent the winter in Schruns, Austria, where he began revising the manuscript extensively. Pauline Pfeiffer joined them in January, and—against Hadley's advice—urged him to sign a contract with Scribner's. Hemingway left Austria for a quick trip to New York to meet with the publishers, and on his return, during a stop in Paris, began an affair with Pauline. He returned to Schruns to finish the revisions in March. In June, he was in Pamplona with both Richardson and Pfeiffer. On their return to Paris, Richardson asked for a separation, and left for the south of France. In August, alone in Paris, Hemingway completed the proofs, dedicating the novel to his wife and son.  After the publication of the book in October, Hadley asked for a divorce; Hemingway subsequently gave her the book's royalties.


== Publication history ==

Hemingway maneuvered Boni & Liveright into terminating their contract with him so that The Sun Also Rises could be published by Scribner's instead. In December 1925 he quickly wrote  The Torrents of Spring—a satirical novella attacking Sherwood Anderson—and sent it to his publishers Boni & Liveright. His three-book contract with them included a termination clause should they reject a  single submission. Unamused by the satire against one of their most saleable authors,  Boni & Liveright immediately rejected it and terminated the contract.  Within weeks Hemingway signed a contract with Scribner's, who agreed to publish The Torrents of Spring and all of his subsequent work.Scribner's published the novel on 22 October 1926.  Its first edition consisted of 5090 copies, selling at $2.00 per copy. Cleonike Damianakes illustrated the dust jacket with a Hellenistic design of a seated, robed woman, her head bent to her shoulder, eyes closed, one hand holding an apple, her shoulders and a thigh exposed. Editor Maxwell Perkins intended "Cleon's respectably sexy" design to attract "the feminine readers who control the destinies of so many novels".Two months later the book was in a second printing with 7000 copies sold. Subsequent printings were ordered; by 1928, after the publication of Hemingway's short story collection Men Without Women, the novel was in its eighth printing. In 1927 the novel was published in the UK by Jonathan Cape, titled Fiesta, without the two epigraphs. Two decades later, in 1947, Scribner's released three of Hemingway's works as a boxed set, including The Sun Also Rises, A Farewell to Arms, and For Whom the Bell Tolls.By 1983, The Sun Also Rises had been in print continuously since its publication in 1926, and was likely one of the most translated titles in the world.  At that time Scribner's began to print cheaper mass-market paperbacks of the book, in addition to the more expensive trade paperbacks already in print. In the 1990s, British editions were titled Fiesta: The Sun Also Rises. In 2006 Simon & Schuster began to produce audiobook versions of Hemingway's novels, including The Sun Also Rises. In May 2016 a new "Hemingway Library Edition" was published by Simon & Schuster, including early drafts, passages that were deleted from the final draft, and alternative titles for the book, which help to explain the author's journey to produce the final version of this acclaimed work.


== Plot summary ==
On the surface, the novel is a love story between the protagonist Jake Barnes—a man whose war wound has made him unable to have sex—and the promiscuous divorcée Lady Brett Ashley. Jake is an expatriate American journalist living in Paris, while Brett is a twice-divorced Englishwoman with bobbed hair and numerous love affairs, and embodies the new sexual freedom of the 1920s. Brett's affair with Jake's college friend Robert Cohn causes Jake to be upset and break off his friendship with Robert; her seduction of the 19-year-old matador Romero causes Jake to lose his good reputation among the Spaniards in Pamplona.
Book One is set in the café society of young American expatriates in Paris.  In the opening scenes, Jake plays tennis with Robert, picks up a prostitute (Georgette), and runs into Brett and Count Mippipopolous in a nightclub. Later, Brett tells Jake she loves him, but they both know that they have no chance at a stable relationship.
In Book Two, Jake is joined by Bill Gorton, recently arrived from New York, and Brett's fiancé Mike Campbell, who arrives from Scotland. Jake and Bill travel south and meet Robert at Bayonne for a fishing trip in the hills northeast of Pamplona. Instead of fishing, Robert stays in Pamplona to wait for the overdue Brett and Mike. Robert had an affair with Brett a few weeks earlier and still feels possessive of her despite her engagement to Mike. After Jake and Bill enjoy five days of fishing the streams near Burguete, they rejoin the group in Pamplona.
All begin to drink heavily. Robert is resented by the others, who taunt him with antisemitic remarks. During the fiesta the characters drink, eat, watch the running of the bulls, attend bullfights, and bicker with each other.  Jake introduces Brett to the 19-year-old matador Romero at the Hotel Montoya; she is smitten with him and seduces him. The jealous tension among the men builds—Jake, Mike, Robert, and Romero each want Brett. Robert, who had been a champion boxer in college, has a fistfight with Jake and Mike, and another with Romero, whom he beats up. Despite his injuries, Romero continues to perform brilliantly in the bullring.
Book Three shows the characters in the aftermath of the fiesta. Sober again, they leave Pamplona; Bill returns to Paris, Mike stays in Bayonne, and Jake goes to San Sebastián on the northern coast of Spain. As Jake is about to return to Paris, he receives a telegram from Brett asking for help; she had gone to Madrid with Romero. He finds her there in a cheap hotel, without money, and without Romero. She announces she has decided to go back to Mike. The novel ends with Jake and Brett in a taxi speaking of the things that might have been.


== Major themes ==


=== Paris and the Lost Generation ===

The first book of The Sun Also Rises is set in mid-1920s Paris.  Americans were drawn to Paris in the Roaring Twenties by the favorable exchange rate, with as many as 200,000 English-speaking expatriates living there.  The Paris Tribune reported in 1925 that Paris had an American Hospital, an American Library, and an American Chamber of Commerce. Many American writers were disenchanted with the US, where they found less artistic freedom than in Europe. (For example, Hemingway was in Paris during the period when Ulysses, written by his friend James Joyce, was banned  and burned in New York.)The themes of The Sun Also Rises appear in its two epigraphs. The first is an allusion to the "Lost Generation", a term coined by Gertrude Stein referring to the post-war generation; the other epigraph is a long quotation from Ecclesiastes: "One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh: but the earth abideth for ever. The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose." Hemingway told his editor Max Perkins that the book was not so much about a generation being lost, but that "the earth abideth forever." He thought the characters in The Sun Also Rises may have been "battered" but were not lost.Hemingway scholar Wagner-Martin writes that Hemingway wanted the book to be about morality, which he emphasized by changing the working title from Fiesta to The Sun Also Rises. Wagner-Martin argues that the book can be read either as a novel about bored expatriates or as a morality tale about a protagonist who searches for integrity in an immoral world. Months before Hemingway left for Pamplona, the press was depicting the Parisian Latin Quarter, where he lived, as decadent and depraved.  He began writing the story of a matador corrupted by the influence of the Latin Quarter crowd; he expanded it into a novel about Jake Barnes at risk of being corrupted by wealthy and inauthentic expatriates.

The characters form a group, sharing similar norms, and each greatly affected by the war. Hemingway captures the angst of the age and transcends the love story of Brett and Jake, although they are representative of the period: Brett is starved for reassurance and love and Jake is sexually maimed.  His wound symbolizes the disability of the age, the disillusion, and the frustrations felt by an entire generation.Hemingway thought he lost touch with American values while living in Paris, but his biographer Michael Reynolds claims the opposite, seeing evidence of the author's midwestern American values in the novel.  Hemingway admired hard work. He portrayed the matadors and the prostitutes, who work for a living, in a positive manner, but Brett, who prostitutes herself, is emblematic of "the rotten crowd" living on inherited money. It is Jake, the working journalist, who pays the bills again and again when those who can pay do not. Hemingway shows, through Jake's actions, his disapproval of the people who did not pay up.  Reynolds says that Hemingway shows the tragedy, not so much of the decadence of the Montparnasse crowd, but of the decline in American values of the period. As such, the author created an American hero who is impotent and powerless. Jake becomes the moral center of the story. He never considers himself part of the expatriate crowd because he is a working man; to Jake a working man is genuine and authentic, and those who do not work for a living spend their lives posing.


=== Women and love ===
The twice-divorced Brett Ashley represented the liberated New Woman (in the 1920s, divorces were common and easy to be had in Paris). James Nagel writes that, in Brett, Hemingway created one of the more fascinating women in 20th-century American literature. Sexually promiscuous, she is a denizen of Parisian nightlife and cafés. In Pamplona she sparks chaos: in her presence, the men drink too much and fight. She also seduces the young bullfighter Romero and becomes a Circe in the festival. Critics describe her variously as complicated, elusive, and enigmatic; Donald Daiker writes that Hemingway "treats her with a delicate balance of sympathy and antipathy." She is vulnerable, forgiving, independent—qualities that Hemingway juxtaposes with the other women in the book, who are either prostitutes or overbearing nags.Nagel considers the novel a tragedy. Jake and Brett have a relationship that becomes destructive because their love cannot be consummated.  Conflict over Brett destroys Jake's friendship with Robert Cohn, and her behavior in Pamplona affects Jake's hard-won reputation among the Spaniards. Meyers sees Brett as a woman who wants sex without love while Jake can only give her love without sex.  Although Brett sleeps with many men, it is Jake she loves.  Dana Fore writes that Brett is willing to be with Jake in spite of his disability, in a "non-traditional erotic relationship."  Other critics such as Leslie Fiedler and Nina Baym see her as a supreme bitch; Fiedler sees Brett as one of the "outstanding examples of Hemingway's 'bitch women.'" Jake becomes bitter about their relationship, as when he says, "Send a girl off with a man .... Now go and bring her back. And sign the wire with love."Critics interpret the Jake–Brett relationship in various ways.  Daiker suggests that Brett's behavior in Madrid—after Romero leaves and when Jake arrives at her summons—reflects her immorality. Scott Donaldson thinks Hemingway presents the Jake–Brett relationship in such a manner that Jake knew "that in having Brett for a friend 'he had been getting something for nothing' and that sooner or later he would have to pay the bill." Daiker notes that Brett relies on Jake to pay for her train fare from Madrid to San Sebastián, where she rejoins her fiancé Mike. In a piece Hemingway cut, he has Jake thinking, "you learned a lot about a woman by not sleeping with her." By the end of the novel, although Jake loves Brett, he appears to undergo a transformation in Madrid when he begins to distance himself from her. Reynolds believes that Jake represents the "everyman," and that in the course of the narrative he loses his honor, faith, and hope. He sees the novel as a morality play with Jake as the person who loses the most.


=== The corrida, the fiesta, and nature ===

In The Sun Also Rises, Hemingway contrasts Paris with Pamplona, and the frenzy of the fiesta with the tranquillity of the Spanish countryside.  Spain was Hemingway's favorite European country; he considered it a healthy place, and the only country "that hasn't been shot to pieces." He was profoundly affected by the spectacle of bullfighting, writing, It isn't just brutal like they always told us. It's a great tragedy—and the most beautiful thing I've ever seen and takes more guts and skill and guts again than anything possibly could. It's just like having a ringside seat at the war with nothing going to happen to you. He demonstrated what he considered the purity in the culture of bullfighting—called afición—and presented it as an authentic way of life, contrasted against the inauthenticity of the Parisian bohemians. To be accepted as an  aficionado was rare for a non-Spaniard; Jake goes through a difficult process to gain acceptance by the "fellowship of afición."The Hemingway scholar Allen Josephs thinks the novel is centered on the corrida (the bullfighting), and how each character reacts to it. Brett seduces the young matador; Cohn fails to understand and expects to be bored; Jake understands fully because only he moves between the world of the inauthentic expatriates and the authentic Spaniards; the hotel keeper Montoya is the keeper of the faith; and Romero is the artist in the ring—he is both innocent and perfect, and the one who bravely faces death. The corrida is presented as an idealized drama in which the matador faces death, creating a moment of existentialism or nada (nothingness), broken when he vanquishes death by killing the bull.

Hemingway presents matadors as heroic characters dancing in a bullring. He considered the bullring as war with precise rules, in contrast to the messiness of the real war that he, and by extension Jake, experienced. Critic Keneth Kinnamon notes that young Romero is the novel's only honorable character.  Hemingway named Romero after Pedro Romero, an 18th-century bullfighter who killed thousands of bulls in the most difficult manner: having the bull impale itself on his sword as he stood perfectly still.  Reynolds says Romero, who symbolizes the classically pure matador, is the "one idealized figure in the novel."  Josephs says that when Hemingway changed Romero's name from Guerrita and imbued him with the characteristics of the historical Romero, he also changed the scene in which Romero kills a bull to one of recibiendo (receiving the bull) in homage to the historical namesake.Before the group arrives in Pamplona, Jake and Bill take a fishing trip to the Irati River. As Harold Bloom points out, the scene serves as an interlude between the Paris and Pamplona sections, "an oasis that exists outside linear time."  On another level it reflects "the mainstream of American fiction beginning with the Pilgrims seeking refuge from English oppression"—the prominent theme in American literature of escaping into the wilderness, as seen in Cooper, Hawthorne, Melville, Twain, and Thoreau. Fiedler calls the theme "The Sacred Land"; he thinks the American West is evoked in The Sun Also Rises by the Pyrenees and given a symbolic nod with the name of the "Hotel Montana."  In Hemingway's writing, nature is a place of refuge and rebirth, according to Stoltzfus, where the hunter or fisherman gains a moment of transcendence at the moment the prey is killed. Nature is the place where men act without women: men fish, men hunt, men find redemption.  In nature Jake and Bill do not need to discuss the war because their war experience, paradoxically, is ever-present. The nature scenes serve as counterpoint to the fiesta scenes.All of the characters drink heavily during the fiesta and generally throughout the novel. In his essay "Alcoholism in Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises", Matts Djos says the main characters exhibit alcoholic tendencies such as depression, anxiety and sexual inadequacy. He writes that Jake's self-pity is symptomatic of an alcoholic, as is Brett's out-of-control behavior. William Balassi thinks that Jake gets drunk to avoid his feelings for Brett, notably in the Madrid scenes at the end where he has three martinis before lunch and drinks three bottles of wine with lunch. Reynolds, however, believes the drinking is relevant as set against the historical context of Prohibition in the United States.  The atmosphere of the fiesta lends itself to drunkenness, but the degree of revelry among the Americans also reflects a reaction against Prohibition.  Bill, visiting from the US, drinks in Paris and in Spain. Jake is rarely drunk in Paris where he works but on vacation in Pamplona, he drinks constantly. Reynolds says that Prohibition split attitudes about morality, and in the novel Hemingway made clear his dislike of Prohibition.


=== Masculinity and gender ===
Critics have seen Jake as an ambiguous representative of Hemingway manliness. For example, in the bar scene in Paris, Jake is angry at some homosexual men. The critic Ira Elliot suggests that Hemingway viewed homosexuality as an inauthentic way of life, and that he aligns Jake with homosexual men because, like them, Jake does not have sex with women. Jake's anger shows his self-hatred at his inauthenticity and lack of masculinity. His sense of masculine identity is lost—he is less than a man. Elliot wonders if Jake's wound perhaps signifies latent homosexuality, rather than only a loss of masculinity; the emphasis in the novel, however, is on Jake's interest in women. Hemingway's writing has been called homophobic because of the language his characters use. For example, in the fishing scenes, Bill confesses his fondness for Jake but then goes on to say, "I couldn't tell you that in New York. It'd mean I was a faggot."In contrast to Jake's troubled masculinity, Romero represents an ideal masculine identity grounded in self-assurance, bravery, competence, and uprightness. The Davidsons note that Brett is attracted to Romero for these reasons, and they speculate that Jake might be trying to undermine Romero's masculinity by bringing Brett to him and thus diminishing his ideal stature.Critics have examined issues of gender misidentification that are prevalent in much of Hemingway's work. He was interested in cross-gender themes, as shown by his depictions of effeminate men and boyish women. In his fiction, a woman's hair is often symbolically important and used to denote gender. Brett, with her short hair, is androgynous and compared to a boy—yet the ambiguity lies in the fact that she is described as a "damned fine-looking woman." While Jake is attracted to this ambiguity, Romero is repulsed by it. In keeping with his strict moral code he wants a feminine partner and rejects Brett because, among other things, she will not grow her hair.


=== Antisemitism ===

Hemingway has been called antisemitic, most notably because of the characterization of Robert Cohn in the book. The other characters often refer to Cohn as a Jew, and once as a 'kike'. Shunned by the other members of the group, Cohn is characterized as "different", unable or unwilling to understand and participate in the fiesta. Cohn is never really part of the group—separated by his difference or his Jewish faith. Critic Susan Beegel goes so far as to claim, "Hemingway never lets the reader forget that Cohn is a Jew, not an unattractive character who happens to be a Jew but a character who is unattractive because he is a Jew." Hemingway critic Josephine Knopf speculates that Hemingway might have wanted to depict Cohn as a "shlemiel" (or fool), but she points out that Cohn lacks the characteristics of a traditional shlemiel.Cohn is based on Harold Loeb, a fellow writer who rivaled Hemingway for the affections of Duff, Lady Twysden (the real-life inspiration for Brett). Biographer Michael Reynolds writes that in 1925, Loeb should have declined Hemingway's invitation to join them in Pamplona. Before the trip he was Duff's lover and Hemingway's friend; during the fiasco of the fiesta, he lost Duff and Hemingway's friendship. Hemingway used Loeb as the basis of a character remembered chiefly as a "rich Jew."


== Writing style ==
The novel is well known for its style, which is variously described as modern, hard-boiled, or understated. As a novice writer and journalist in Paris, Hemingway turned to Ezra Pound—who had a reputation as "an unofficial minister of culture who acted as mid-wife for new literary talent"—to mark and blue-ink his short stories.  From Pound, Hemingway learned to write in the modernist style: he used understatement, pared away sentimentalism, and presented images and scenes without explanations of meaning, most notably at the book's conclusion, in which multiple future possibilities are left for Brett and Jake. The scholar Anders Hallengren writes that because Hemingway learned from Pound to "distrust adjectives," he created a style "in accordance with the esthetics and ethics of raising the emotional temperature towards the level of universal truth by shutting the door on sentiment, on the subjective."F. Scott Fitzgerald told Hemingway to "let the book's action play itself out among its characters." Hemingway scholar Linda Wagner-Martin writes that, in taking Fitzgerald's advice, Hemingway produced a novel without a central narrator: "Hemingway's book was a step ahead; it was the modernist novel." When Fitzgerald advised Hemingway to trim at least 2500 words from the opening sequence, which was 30 pages long, Hemingway wired the publishers telling them to cut the opening 30 pages altogether. The result was a novel without a focused starting point, which was seen as a modern perspective and critically well received.

Wagner-Martin speculates that Hemingway may have wanted to have a weak or negative hero as defined by Edith Wharton, but he had no experience creating a hero or protagonist.  At that point his fiction consisted of extremely short stories, not one of which featured a hero. The hero changed during the writing of The Sun Also Rises: first the matador was the hero, then Cohn was the hero, then Brett, and finally Hemingway realized "maybe there is not any hero at all. Maybe a story is better without any hero." Balassi believes that in eliminating other characters as the protagonist, Hemingway brought Jake indirectly into the role of the novel's hero.As a roman à clef, the novel based its characters on living people, causing scandal in the expatriate community.  Hemingway biographer Carlos Baker writes that "word-of-mouth of the book" helped sales. Parisian expatriates gleefully tried to match the fictional characters to real identities.  Moreover, he writes that Hemingway used prototypes easily found in the Latin Quarter on which to base his characters. The early draft identified the characters by their living counterparts; Jake's character was called Hem, and Brett's was called Duff.Although the novel is written in a journalistic style, Frederic Svoboda writes that the striking thing about the work is "how quickly it moves away from a simple recounting of events." Jackson Benson believes that Hemingway used autobiographical details as framing devices for life in general. For example, Benson says that Hemingway drew out his experiences with "what if" scenarios: "what if I were wounded in such a way that I could not sleep at night? What if I were wounded and made crazy, what would happen if I were sent back to the front?"  Hemingway believed that the writer could describe one thing while an entirely different thing occurs below the surface—an approach he called the iceberg theory, or the theory of omission.

Balassi says Hemingway applied the iceberg theory better in The Sun Also Rises than in any of his other works, by editing extraneous material or purposely leaving gaps in the story. He made editorial remarks in the manuscript that show he wanted to break from the stricture of Gertrude Stein's advice to use "clear restrained writing."  In the earliest draft, the novel begins in Pamplona, but Hemingway moved the opening setting to Paris because he thought the Montparnasse life was necessary as a counterpoint to the later action in Spain. He wrote of Paris extensively, intending "not to be limited by the literary theories of others, [but] to write in his own way, and possibly, to fail." He added metaphors for each character: Mike's money problems, Brett's association with the Circe myth, Robert's association with the segregated steer. It wasn't until the revision process that he pared down the story, taking out unnecessary explanations, minimizing descriptive passages, and stripping the dialogue, all of which created a "complex but tightly compressed story."Hemingway said that he learned what he needed as a foundation for his writing from the style sheet for The Kansas City Star, where he worked as cub reporter.  The critic John Aldridge says that the minimalist style resulted from Hemingway's belief that to write authentically, each word had to be carefully chosen for its simplicity and authenticity and carry a great deal of weight. Aldridge writes that Hemingway's style "of a minimum of simple words that seemed to be squeezed onto the page against a great compulsion to be silent, creates the impression that those words—if only because there are so few of them—are sacramental." In Paris Hemingway had been experimenting with the prosody of the King James Bible, reading aloud with his friend John Dos Passos. From the style of the biblical text, he learned to build his prose incrementally; the action in the novel builds sentence by sentence, scene by scene and chapter by chapter.

The simplicity of his style is deceptive. Bloom writes that it is the effective use of parataxis that elevates Hemingway's prose. Drawing on the Bible, Walt Whitman and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Hemingway wrote in deliberate understatement and he heavily incorporated parataxis, which in some cases almost becomes cinematic. His skeletal sentences were crafted in response to Henry James's observation that World War I had "used up words," explains Hemingway scholar Zoe Trodd, who writes that his style is similar to a "multi-focal" photographic reality. The syntax, which lacks subordinating conjunctions, creates static sentences. The photographic "snapshot" style creates a collage of images. Hemingway omits internal punctuation (colons, semicolons, dashes, parentheses) in favor of short declarative sentences, which are meant to build, as events build, to create a sense of the whole. He also uses techniques analogous to cinema, such as cutting quickly from one scene to the next, or splicing one scene into another. Intentional omissions allow the reader to fill the gap as though responding to instructions from the author and create three-dimensional prose. Biographer James Mellow writes that the bullfighting scenes are presented with a crispness and clarity that evoke the sense of a newsreel.Hemingway also uses color and visual art techniques to convey emotional range in his descriptions of the Irati River. In Translating Modernism: Fitzgerald and Hemingway, Ronald Berman compares Hemingway's treatment of landscape with that of the post-Impressionist painter Paul Cézanne. During a 1949 interview, Hemingway told Lillian Ross that he learned from Cézanne how to "make a landscape." In comparing writing to painting he told her, "This is what we try to do in writing, this and this, and woods, and the rocks we have to climb over." The landscape is seen subjectively—the viewpoint of the observer is paramount. To Jake, landscape "meant a search for a solid form .... not existentially present in [his] life in Paris."


== Reception ==
Hemingway's first novel was arguably his best and most important and came to be seen as an iconic modernist novel, although Reynolds emphasizes that Hemingway was not philosophically a modernist. In the book, his characters epitomized the post-war expatriate generation for future generations. He had received good reviews for his volume of short stories, In Our Time, of which Edmund Wilson wrote, "Hemingway's prose was of the first distinction." Wilson's comments were enough to bring attention to the young writer.

Good reviews came in from many major publications. Conrad Aiken wrote in the New York Herald Tribune, "If there is a better dialogue to be written today I do not know where to find it"; and Bruce Barton wrote in The Atlantic that Hemingway "writes as if he had never read anybody's writing, as if he had fashioned the art of writing himself," and that the characters "are amazingly real and alive." Many reviewers, among them H.L. Mencken, praised Hemingway's style, use of understatement, and tight writing.Other critics, however, disliked the novel. The Nation's critic believed Hemingway's hard-boiled style was better suited to the short stories published in In Our Time than his novel. Writing in the New Masses, Hemingway's friend John Dos Passos asked: "What's the matter with American writing these days? .... The few unsad young men of this lost generation will have to look for another way of finding themselves than the one indicated here." Privately he wrote Hemingway an apology for the review. The reviewer for the Chicago Daily Tribune wrote of the novel, "The Sun Also Rises is the kind of book that makes this reviewer at least almost plain angry." Some reviewers disliked the characters, among them the reviewer for The Dial, who thought the characters were shallow and vapid; and The Nation and Atheneum deemed the characters boring and the novel unimportant. The reviewer for The Cincinnati Enquirer wrote of the book that it "begins nowhere and ends in nothing."Hemingway's family hated it. His mother, Grace Hemingway, distressed that she could not face the criticism at her local book study class—where it was said that her son was "prostituting a great ability .... to the lowest uses"—expressed her displeasure in a letter to him:

The critics seem to be full of praise for your style and ability to draw word pictures but the decent ones always regret that you should use such great gifts in perpetuating the lives and habits of so degraded a strata of humanity .... It is a doubtful honor to produce one of the filthiest books of the year .... What is the matter? Have you ceased to be interested in nobility, honor and fineness in life? .... Surely you have other words in your vocabulary than "damn" and "bitch"—Every page fills me with a sick loathing.
Still, the book sold well, and young women began to emulate Brett while male students at Ivy League universities wanted to become "Hemingway heroes."  Scribner's encouraged the publicity and allowed Hemingway to "become a minor American phenomenon"—a celebrity to the point that his divorce from Richardson and marriage to Pfieffer attracted media attention.Reynolds believes The Sun Also Rises could have been written only circa 1925: it perfectly captured the period between World War I and the Great Depression, and immortalized a group of characters. In the years since its publication, the novel has been criticized for its antisemitism, as expressed in the characterization of Robert Cohn. Reynolds explains that although the publishers complained to Hemingway about his description of bulls, they allowed his use of Jewish epithets, which showed the degree to which antisemitism was accepted in the US after World War I. Cohn represented the Jewish establishment and contemporary readers would have understood this from his description. Hemingway clearly makes Cohn unlikeable not only as a character but as a character who is Jewish. Critics of the 1970s and 1980s considered Hemingway to be misogynistic and homophobic; by the 1990s his work, including The Sun Also Rises, began to receive critical reconsideration by female scholars.


== Legacy and adaptations ==
Hemingway's work continued to be popular in the latter half of the century and after his suicide in 1961. During the 1970s, The Sun Also Rises appealed to what Beegel calls the lost generation of the Vietnam era.  Aldridge writes that The Sun Also Rises has kept its appeal because the novel is about being young. The characters live in the most beautiful city in the world, spend their days traveling, fishing, drinking, making love, and generally reveling in their youth. He believes the expatriate writers of the 1920s appeal for this reason, but that Hemingway was the most successful in capturing the time and the place in The Sun Also Rises.Bloom says that some of the characters have not stood the test of time, writing that modern readers are uncomfortable with the antisemitic treatment of Cohn's character and the romanticization of a bullfighter. Moreover, Brett and Mike belong uniquely to the Jazz Age and do not translate to the modern era. Bloom believes the novel is in the canon of American literature for its formal qualities: its prose and style.The novel made Hemingway famous, inspired young women across America to wear short hair and sweater sets like the heroine's—and to act like her too—and changed writing style in ways that could be seen in any American magazine published in the next twenty years. In many ways, the novel's stripped-down prose became a model for 20th-century American writing. Nagel writes that "The Sun Also Rises was a dramatic literary event and its effects have not diminished over the years."The success of The Sun Also Rises led to interest from Broadway and Hollywood. In 1927 two Broadway producers wanted to adapt the story for the stage but made no immediate offers. Hemingway considered marketing the story directly to Hollywood, telling his editor Max Perkins that he would not sell it for less than $30,000—money he wanted his estranged wife Hadley Richardson to have. Conrad Aiken thought the book was perfect for a film adaptation solely on the strength of dialogue. Hemingway would not see a stage or film adaption anytime soon: he sold the film rights to RKO Pictures in 1932, but only in 1956 was the novel adapted to a film of the same name. Peter Viertel wrote the screenplay. Tyrone Power as Jake played the lead role opposite Ava Gardner as Brett and Errol Flynn as Mike. The royalties went to Richardson.Hemingway wrote more books about bullfighting: Death in the Afternoon was published in 1932 and The Dangerous Summer was published posthumously in 1985. His depictions of Pamplona, beginning with The Sun Also Rises, helped to popularize the annual running of the bulls at the Festival of St. Fermin.


== References ==


=== Citations ===


=== Sources ===


== External links ==
The Sun Also Rises at Faded Page (Canada)
Hemingway Archives, John F. Kennedy Library
<|endoftext|>
Nicolae Grosu was a Bessarabian politician.


== Biography ==
He served as Member of the Moldovan Parliament (1917–1918).


== Gallery ==


== Bibliography ==
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru, Sfatul Țării: itinerar, Civitas, Chişinău, 1998, ISBN 9975-936-20-2
Mihai Taşcă, Sfatul Țării şi actualele autorităţi locale, "Timpul de dimineaţă", no. 114 (849), June 27, 2008 (page 16)


== External links ==
Arhiva pentru Sfatul Tarii
Deputaţii Sfatului Ţării şi Lavrenti Beria


== Notes ==
<|endoftext|>
The National Assembly (Arabic: الجمعية الوطنية‎; French: Assemblée Nationale) is the legislative house of Parliament of Mauritania. The legislature has 157 members, elected for five-year terms in single or two-seats constituencies. From 1961 until 1978, the only legal party in the country was the Mauritanian People's Party (French: Parti du Peuple Mauritanien, PPM). The legislature was disbanded after the 10 July 1978 coup. In 1992, a bicameral legislature was established, consisting the National Assembly and Senate of Mauritania. In the 1990s, a multiparty system was introduced in Mauritania. However, the Democratic and Social Republican Party dominated the parliament until a coup in 2005. The first truly democratic elections were held in 2006.
On April 27, 2007 Messaoud Ould Boulkheir was elected speaker of the National Assembly, becoming the first black Haratine to hold the position.


== Board members ==
Mohamed Boilil M’Bareck
El Khalil Mohamed Teyib
Mohamed Ghoulam Abderrahmane El Hadj Cheikh
Mohamed Mahmoud Sidi Mohamed El Gharachi
Abdoulaye Amadou Sy
El wenane Hamedh Bobih
Mohamed Ahmedou Ahmedou
Yenna Ahmed Lelh
Ousmane Moussa Thiam
Hama mint El Mouktar
Mamoudou Mamadou Niang
Vatimettou mint Mohamed Yarba


== See also ==
List of Presidents of the National Assembly of Mauritania
Senate of Mauritania, former upper house 1992-2017
<|endoftext|>
Iberomesornis ("Spanish intermediate bird") is a monotypic genus of enantiornithine bird of the Cretaceous of Spain.


== Discovery ==
In 1985 the fossil of Iberomesornis was discovered by Armando Díaz Romeral in the Early Cretaceous Calizas de La Huérguina Formation at Las Hoyas, Cuenca Province, east central Spain, which dates to the late Barremian, roughly 125 million years ago. The find was first reported in 1988. In 1992 the type species Iberomesornis romerali was named and described by José Luis Sanz and José Fernando Bonaparte. The generic name is derived from Iberia and Greek μέσος, mesos, "middle", en ὄρνις, ornis, "bird", in reference to the intermediate status between the most basal and the modern birds. The specific name honours Romeral.The holotype specimen, LH-22, part of the Las Hoyas Collection, consists of a compressed articulated partial skeleton of an adult individual lacking the skull, the anterior neck and most of the hands. A second specimen, LH-8200, was referred to a Iberomesornis sp. in 1994, consisting of the left foot of an individual similar in size to the holotype. After further preparation of the fossil, the species was redescribed by Paul Sereno in 2000.


== Biology and ecology ==

Iberomesornis was quite small, no bigger than a large modern sparrow. On the assumption it had relatively short wings, the wingspan was about twenty centimetres; its weight has been estimated at fifteen to twenty grammes. It bore a single claw on each wing. The preserved axial column length is eighty-seven millimetres. Its ribcage was not strengthened by ossified uncinate processes but cartilaginous processes were likely present.
The Las Hoyas Unit 3 site was once a forest surrounding a lake; the climate was warm with a distinct dry season. Since the skull is not known, the diet of Iberomesornis remains a subject of guesswork. It perhaps hunted insects and other small animals, plucking them out of the air or from the ground. It may have preferred to live near lakes, catching insects from the water's surface. When resting, it used its strong, clawed feet to perch on branches; the toes are long with curved claws and a low and long hallux improved the grasping ability.


== Phylogeny ==

Iberomesornis romerali was more derived physically than Archaeopteryx. The basal characteristic of a long tail had been lost and the coracoid was longer. The vertebrate column of Iberomesornis ended in a pygostyle: a splint of bone made of fused tail vertebrae that supports the tail feathers. The shorter tail and the higher position of the shoulder indicated by the strut-like coracoid — allowing for a greater wing amplitude — improved manoeuvrability, turning and swooping at speed. Low speed flying might have been impaired by the lack of a bony keel on the sternum as attachment for the flight muscles; it is uncertain whether a true foramen triosseum was present, through which a tendon could elevate and supinate the wing.
In 1992 Iberomesornis was assigned to the Iberomesornithidae. At that time it was considered to possibly have been very basal, outside of the clade Ornithothoraces, as is reflected by its generic name. However, since the discovery of Iberomesornis, many more bird fossils have come to light in the quarries of Liaoning province, China. Well preserved specimens of Chinese species such as Sinornis and Confuciusornis have permitted scientists to better understand the birds' early fossil history. Today, Iberomesornis is seen as positioned within Ornithothoraces, as a basal member of the Enantiornithes.


== References ==


== Sources ==
Haines, Tim; Chambers, Paul (2006). The Complete Guide to Prehistoric Life. Canada: Firefly Books.
<|endoftext|>
Cross Winds is the 40th studio album by American country music singer Conway Twitty. The album was released in 1979, by MCA Records.


== Track listing ==


== Charts ==


=== Weekly charts ===


=== Year-end charts ===


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Harry Darby (January 23, 1895 – January 17, 1987) was an American politician from Kansas.


== Life and career ==
Born in Kansas City, Kansas, Darby graduated from the University of Illinois, and served in the United States Army during the World War I, rising to the rank of captain. After the war he became successful in business ventures in several different fields including insurance, steel, railroads, utilities and banking. He served on the Kansas State Highway Commission from 1933 to 1937.
In 1938 Darby, the owner of Darby Steel Company, purchased Kaw Steel Construction Company, in the West Bottoms at Kansas City, Kansas and formed The Darby Corporation from the two companies. The plant built most of the landing craft tanks (LCTs) that were used in various amphibious invasions. The plant built one craft a day and floated them more than 1,000 miles down the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers to New Orleans, Louisiana, prompting their "Prairie Ships" nickname.  Darby's plant at the mouth of Kansas River could hold 8 135í LCTs and 16 Landing Craft Mechanizeds (LCMs) in various stages of construction. 
Darby served as the Republican National Committeeman for Kansas from the 1940 National Convention to early 1964, when he resigned the position. Gertrude Laughlin McSorley was his personal secretary during his career.
On December 2, 1949, he was appointed to fill a United States Senate seat to replace Clyde M. Reed (who had died on November 8) by Governor Frank Carlson, despite the fact that his only prior government experience was four years on the state highway commission. As a senator, Darby was a friend of General Dwight D. Eisenhower, a fellow Kansan. He kept his seat until November 28, 1950, when he was succeeded by Frank Carlson, the very man who had appointed him to the seat. 
Darby returned to Kansas City and lived there until his death. He was buried in Highland Park Cemetery in Kansas City.


== Legacy ==
Interstate 635 (Kansas–Missouri) is named the Harry Darby Memorial Highway for him in both Kansas and Missouri.
The bronze statue of Dwight D. Eisenhower, by Robert L. Dean, Jr., on the grounds of the Eisenhower Presidential Library and Museum in Abilene, Kansas is a gift of the Harry and Edith Darby Foundation. 


== References ==

United States Congress. "Harry Darby (id: D000048)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Retrieved on 2008-07-02


== External links ==
Finding aid for Harry Darby Oral History, Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library
<|endoftext|>
Beach volleyball at the 2010 Asian Games was held in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.


== Schedule ==


== Medalists ==


== Medal table ==


== Participating nations ==
A total of 90 athletes from 17 nations competed in beach volleyball at the 2010 Asian Games:


== Final standing ==


=== Men ===


=== Women ===


== References ==

Men's Beach Volleyball Results
Women's Beach Volleyball Results


== External links ==
Asian Volleyball Confederation
<|endoftext|>
The Himalayan striped squirrel (Tamiops mcclellandii), also known as western striped squirrel, or Burmese striped squirrel, is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae. It lives in a variety of forest from tropical to subtropical in Bhutan, Cambodia, China, India, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Thailand, and Vietnam. This species is diurnal, arboreal and feeds on fruits, vegetable matter, and insects. It often seen in small groups and uses tree holes for shelter.The rapid uplift of the Himalayan Mountains is believed to have caused the diversification of the three main Tamiops lineages. Multiple divergences from 5.8 to 1.7 mya likely led to the formation of modern Tamiops species.


== Gallery ==

		


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Edmond T. Gréville (born Edmond Gréville Thonger; 20 June 1906  – 26 May 1966) was a French film director and screenwriter. He was married to the actress Vanda Gréville.


== Career ==
Gréville began his career as a film journalist and critic. In parallel with a few acting performances in some silent films and in the first talkie of René Clair, Sous les toits de Paris (1930), he directed his first short films. His first experience of directing had been on the shooting of Abel Gance's Napoléon in 1927. He had then worked as an assistant director, notably on the English film Piccadilly, L'Arlésienne (directed by Jacques de Baroncelli), Augusto Genina's  Miss Europe (with Louise Brooks) and  Abel Gance's La Fin du Monde. 
Between 1930 and 1940 he directed several French films:

Le Train des suicidés (1931)
Remous (1934) with Françoise Rosay, a social-realist film on the sensitive sexual issue of impotence, and released in the US in November 1939 under title Whirlpool of Desire after a legal battle over U.S. censorship
Two comedy musical films Princesse Tam Tam (1935) with Josephine Baker, and Gypsy Melody (1936), with Lupe Vélez.In Britain again, he filmed Under Secret Orders (1937) with Dita Parlo and John Loder (1937), the English-language version of G. W. Pabst's Mademoiselle Docteur. Gréville also directed Menaces (1938) with Mireille Balin and Erich von Stroheim, with von Stroheim playing an Austrian refugee who commits suicide following the Anschluss. With a heavy atmosphere charged with eroticism which characterizes his films, Gréville imposed his independence and original style on the cinema of the time.
He stopped directing films during the Second World War and the Occupation - xenophobia and anti-Semitism ruined or put a stop to some careers, among film-makers those of Léonide Moguy and Pierre Chenal for example, both French Jews, and the half-British Gréville, and took away production and distribution companies belonging to Jews like the father and son distributors Siriztky.In 1948 he made a film on the subject of resistance and collaboration in the Anglo-Dutch film Niet tevergeefs/But Not in Vain. The same year he made a film with Carole Landis, Noose, released in the U.S. as The Silk Noose. In House on the Waterfront (1954) he directed Jean Gabin as a captain confronted by an unscrupulous smuggler and torn by his love for a young woman who is also loved by a younger man.
In Gréville's last years he made Beat Girl (1959) with Adam Faith and a horror film The Hands of Orlac (1960) with Mel Ferrer. His last film was L'Accident (1963) with Magali Noël based on a Frédéric David novel.


== Personal life ==
Gréville was born in June 1906 in Nice, France, the adopted son of Franco-British parents. In May 1966, he died in hospital in Nice, thought to be the result of complications following a car accident. It was subsequently discovered through the 23andMe genetic testing of his daughter and grandson in 2017, that he was Ashkenazim Jewish, likely from the area of Odessa, based on the present whereabouts of  his closest genetic relations today. Family speculation suggests that his parents fled the 1905 Russian pogrom to Marseilles, where he may have been discovered in the Nice hospital his English father, a Salvation Army colonel and Protestant pastor, was associated with. His true origin and that of his biological parents, remains a mystery.


== Selected filmography ==
The Train of Suicides (1931)
The Triangle of Fire (1932)
Merchant of Love (1935)
Gypsy Melody (1936)
Brief Ecstasy (1937)
Secret Lives (1937)
What a Man! (1938)
A Woman in the Night (1943)
Dorothy Looks for Love (1945)
But Not in Vain (1948)
The Other Side of Paradise (1953)
House on the Waterfront (1955)
The Accident (1963)


== References ==


== External links ==
Edmond T. Gréville at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Edward Hamlin (born 1959) is an American fiction writer and composer of music for acoustic guitar.


== Biography ==
A New York native, Hamlin spent his formative years in Chicago, Illinois and currently resides outside Boulder, Colorado. He received an A.B. with Special Honors from the University of Chicago in 1981 and was inducted into the Phi Beta Kappa Society in 1980. Hamlin did graduate work toward a PhD in Buddhist Studies at the University of Michigan from 1983 to 1984.


== Writing and recognition ==
Hamlin’s work has appeared in numerous literary magazines, including Ploughshares, the Colorado Review, the Bellevue Literary Review, the Missouri Review and Chariton Review. His short story collection, Night in Erg Chebbi and Other Stories (University of Iowa Press 2015, ISBN 978-1609383831), was selected by author Karen Russell as winner of the 2015 Iowa Short Fiction Award  and was subsequently published, to positive reviews, by the University of Iowa Press. The collection went on to win the Colorado Book Award for short story collections.

In addition to the Iowa and Colorado awards, Hamlin’s work has been recognized with a Nelligan Prize and a Top of the Mountain Book Award, and has been a finalist for the Flannery O’Connor Award for Short Fiction, the Narrative Story Contest, the American Fiction Prize, the Mary C. Mohr Editors’ Award, the David Nathan Myerson Fiction Prize and the Jeffrey E. Smith Editors’ Prize. In 2013, his story “The Release” was named runner-up for the Nelson Algren Award. In the United Kingdom, his stories “Indígena” and “After Dreamland” were shortlisted for the Bridport prize in 2014 and 2016 respectively. Two of his stories have been nominated for the Pushcart Prize. The story “Phone Phone Gun” was performed theatrically, in Denver, as part of the 2012-2013 season of Stories on Stage.Critical response to Hamlin’s work has been positive. Pulitzer Prize finalist Karen Russell called his stories “sweeping and intimate and awesomely confident of their own effects,” while Publishers Weekly described Night in Erg Chebbi and Other Stories as “a memorable read from a writer with considerable talent.”  Foreword Reviews described the collection as "beautiful, terrifying and compassionate."


== Themes and style ==
Hamlin’s writing explores what happens when ordinary people are confronted with choices they never thought they would have to make. His characters are often caught unprepared by circumstances in which they must quickly decide what to do, then live out the consequences—often unintended—of their actions. Stylistically, Hamlin’s stories make extensive use of free indirect discourse and third-person narrative; very few of his stories are told in first person. Many feature women as central point-of-view characters, and international settings such as Haiti under the regime of Jean-Claude Duvalier, Brazil, Morocco and Northern Ireland are common. Reviewers have noted Hamlin’s close attention to sensory detail and use of exotic locales.


== Music ==
In addition to his literary work, Hamlin is a composer and performer of acoustic guitar music. His 2007 CD Rooted and subsequent work explores the possibilities of jazz- and Celtic-inflected fingerstyle guitar, making extensive use of altered tunings, especially DGDGCD and CGDGCD (“Orkney tuning”). Of Rooted, Minor 7th Magazine wrote: "This debut outing reveals a mature acoustic guitarist who is unnecessarily modest about his well-refined craft… The tone is elegiac… One hears surrender to the allure of the instrument, all in itself."


== References ==


== External links ==
http://www.edwardhamlin.com
<|endoftext|>
Mimophilorhizus chilensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Mimophilorhizus.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the Institute for Global Innovation Management (IGIM) was founded in 2002 as a research institute affiliated with the College of Business Administration at Northeastern University. The Institute focuses on applied, practice-oriented research and manages a number of research, education and outreach activities to communicate with academic audiences, students and corporations. It is partially funded by the US National Science Foundation (NSF) for its research on the global challenges facing technology intensive companies.
The Institute for Global Innovation Management has conducted research with a number of private sector companies, including Hewlett-Packard, Charles River Laboratories, and Adidas. In May 2007, the Journal of Product Innovation Management ranked Northeastern University as the third most productive center in the world in innovation management research. Three institute researchers were also ranked among the world’s “top innovation management scholars." The ranking reflected the work of 1,179 scholars.


== References ==
Journal of Product Innovation Management, May 2007 - Vol. 24 Issue 3 pp. 191–281


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
"The Grimm Who Stole Christmas" is the 7th episode of season 4 of the supernatural drama television series Grimm  and the 73rd episode overall in the series, which premiered on December 5, 2014, on NBC. The episode was written by Dan E. Fesman and was directed by John Gray.


== Plot ==
Opening quote: "I have but to swallow this, and be for the rest of my days persecuted by a legion of goblins, all of my own creation. Humbug, I'll tell you; humbug!"
During a Christmas party in a home, the doorbell rings, but there is no one there, only an enormous wrapped box at the door. Two guests bring in the parcel and put it down by their hosts' Christmas tree. Later that night, a goblin-like Wesen gets out of the box. He unlocks the front door and lets two more goblin-like Wesen in and they begin to wreak havoc in the house, waking the couple. The husband goes down stairs to see what is happening and the three goblin like Wesen severely attack him before escaping.
Monroe (Silas Weir Mitchell) invites Rosalee (Bree Turner) on their delayed honeymoon, and she accepts. Nick (David Giuntoli), Hank (Russell Hornsby) and Wu (Reggie Lee) investigate the home invasion and question the wife Emma (Charissa J. Adams). Nick and Hank find that the gift was opened from inside and there's fruitcake surrounding the gift. Meanwhile, Trubel (Jacqueline Toboni) is leaving the house when Josh (Lucas Near-Verbrugghe) asks to go with her, since he wants to prove his valor. They watch over Shaw (Donald MacEllis), who is telling everyone of Trubel's abilities. She sneaks around the outside of the house, peering in a window, and is found by a Schakal, who was just arriving. Josh knocks out the Schakal before he can attack Trubel. Trubel discovers the mask that belongs to the Secundum Naturae Ordinem Wesen and they go.
Trubel reports this to Nick, who tells her to go with Bud (Danny Bruno) to get names. Based on the location of three crimes related to the home invasion, Nick and Hank discover that a church is in the center of the invasions. Renard (Sasha Roiz) talks with Nick, discussing Elizabeth's departure in search of Kelly and Adalind's daughter, left and Wu's growing suspicion of the Wesen issues. Nick and Hank are then called to a house where the goblins are causing chaos. Two of them flee while another attacks Nick until Hank knocks him out. Unsure if it's Wesen, they decide to take it to Monroe and Rosalee to learn more about it. They go to the trailer and find that they are dealing with Kallikantzaroi, a condition that affects Indole Gentile children and makes them commit acts without them knowing. They also find that if they eat fruitcake, they would be cured of the condition.
Juliette (Bitsie Tulloch) confides to Rosalee that she has been having nausea every day and Rosalee suggests that she may be pregnant. Then, the Kallikantzaroi escapes from his confinement and two others arrive at the house. They cause chaos across the house until Monroe arrives and scares them with his Blutbad roar. While cleaning the room, Rosalee finds a medical bracelet for asthma. Nick and Hank identify him as John Katsaros (Greg Goran) and question his parents, who explain that he performs in a youth choir in the church. Nick and Hank manage to guide the boys to a truck that is full of fruitcakes just outside the church, curing them. The next day, Trubel tells Nick that Josh is going back to Philadelphia and she will go with him and they hug a goodbye. Nick gives them Aunt Marie's car and they drive off to Philadelphia. Meanwhile, Juliette takes a pregnancy test but the result of the test is not revealed.


== Reception ==


=== Viewers ===
The episode was viewed by 4.96 million people, earning a 1.2/4 in the 18-49 rating demographics on the Nielson ratings scale, ranking third on its timeslot and sixth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind The Amazing Race, Last Man Standing, 20/20, Shark Tank, and a college football game. This was a 5% decrease in viewership from the previous episode, which was watched by 5.17 million viewers with a 1.2/4. This means that 1.2 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode, while 4 percent of all households watching television at that time watched it. With DVR factoring in, the episode was watched by 7.56 million viewers and had a 2.2 ratings share in the 18-49 demographics.


=== Critical reviews ===
"The Grimm Who Stole Christmas" received positive reviews. Kathleen Wiedel from TV Fanatic, gave a 4 star rating out of 5, stating: "'Tis the season for holiday-themed episodes, and Grimm is no exception. This time, Nick and friends were faced with a trio of destructive Christmas gremlins! Though silly and mostly light-hearted, Grimm Season 4 Episode 7 had some great moments, too."MaryAnn Sleasman from TV.com, wrote, "However, alongside the seasonal antics, 'The Grimm Who Stole Christmas' featured enough plot development and STUFF going down that at times, it felt like a mid-season finale. Wu has all but figured out that Nick and Hank lied about the Wesen he saw. Juliette is probably preggers with not-Adalind's-but-probably-somehow-tied-to-her sex-magic baby (my head hurts). Trubel took off on a road trip with Josh in Aunt Marie's old car to make sure he doesn't get his non-Grimm ass killed. Renard and Nick are worried that their mommies are going to murder each other. The Christmas plot was weird and featured a lot of oddly cheesy camerawork, but the episode as a whole was far from a loss."Christine Horton of Den of Geek wrote, "The cliffhanger, if you could call it that, is that it does indeed seem Juliette is pregnant. (The possibility dawns on her after a bout of nausea that lasts about four seconds before she’s fine again and chasing down four foot tall Grinches.) Of course, her worry is that she fell pregnant while in the guise of Adalind, which makes the whole thing quite confusing. I may be alone in feeling it's a little too soon for another baby storyline, but it's a way to keep Juliette in the show I suppose, without having to write in her veterinary skills to aid the plot."


== References ==


== External links ==
"The Grimm Who Stole Christmas" at IMDb
"The Grimm Who Stole Christmas" at TV.com
<|endoftext|>
Nelson House is a designated place in northern Manitoba, Canada adjacent to the Nelson House 170 Indian Reserve, which is part of the Nisichawayasihk Cree Nation. It is located approximately 75 km (47 mi) northwest of Thompson.  Missionaries built the first school in the early 1900s.


== Demographics ==
In the 2011 Census, the Nelson House designated place had a population of 75 living in 18 of its 19 total private dwellings.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Peru marsupial frog (Gastrotheca peruana) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae that is endemic to Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical and tropical high-altitude grasslands, rivers, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, arable land, pastureland, rural gardens, and urban areas.
This frog is kept as a pet, and has been recorded in the pet trade in Germany, although without significant threat to the species.


== References ==


== External links ==
Comparative Toxicogenomics Database: Gastrotheca peruana
<|endoftext|>
The Boys' handball tournament at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing was held from 20 to 25 August at the Jiangning Sports Center Gymnasium.


== Participating teams ==


== Preliminary round ==
All times are local (UTC+8).


=== Group A ===


=== Group B ===


== Knockout stage ==


=== Fifth place game ===
Brazil wins 66–58 on aggregate


=== Semifinals ===


=== Bronze medal game ===


=== Gold medal game ===


== Final ranking ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Delores Marie Wells (October 17, 1937 – February 9, 2016) was an American model and actress.  She was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its June 1960 issue.


== Career ==
According to The Playboy Book, Wells was paid $500 for her Playmate pictorial, along with $100 a month during her two-year exclusivity contract with Playboy. During the 1960s, Delores had an acting career, appearing in small parts in B-movies and series television. She also was a Bunny at the Chicago Playboy Club, where she made $1000 a week. After her career at Playboy she worked as a makeup artist for Alice Cooper and in the business office of the Oakland Raiders.
Wells died in Phoenix, Arizona, at the age of 78.  She was survived by her daughter Stephanie Wolfe.


== Filmography ==
Banning (1967) .... Girl at Pool
A Guide for the Married Man (1967) .... Very Attractive Woman
The Time Travelers (1964) .... Reena (Danny's girl)
Bikini Beach (1964) .... Sniffles
Muscle Beach Party (1964) .... Sniffles
Burke's Law - "Who Killed Alex Debbs?" (1963) .... Dream Girl
Beach Party (1963) .... Sue
Thriller - "'Til Death Do Us Part" (1962) .... Flo
87th Precinct - "My Friend, My Enemy" (1961) .... Clerk
The Bob Cummings Show - "Roamin' Holiday" (1961)


== See also ==
List of people in Playboy 1960–1969


== References ==


== External links ==
Delores Wells at Playboy OnlineDelores Wells at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Jalin (Arabic: جلين‎, also spelled Jileen or Jillin) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located northwest of Daraa. Nearby localities include Muzayrib to the southeast, Tafas to the east, al-Shaykh Saad to the northeast, Adwan to the north, Tasil to the northwest and Saham al-Jawlan and Heet to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Tasil had a population of 4,337 in the 2004 census.In sources relating to the Arab conquest of Syria, it is mentioned that the last Byzantine army the empire was able to set up in the region, took up position near "Jillin" before the crucial Battle of the Yarmuk in 635. The battle took place west of Jillin and led to the catastrophic defeat of the Byzantine army.Jalin was described in the late 19th century as an impoverished village of 20 hut-like houses built either of mudbrick or stone. Its population consisted of 100 black Africans hailing from the Sudan. They were settled in two villages, Jalin and al-Shaykh Saad to the north, by Sheikh Saad ibn Abd al-Qadir, himself from the Sudan. The Africans initially came as slaves of the sheikh, but were later freed. They gradually settled in other parts of the Hauran region of southern Syria. At Jalin, the inhabitants cultivated grapes and vegetables in nearby vineyards and gardens.


== References ==


== Bibliography ==


== External links ==
Map of the town, Google Maps
Kafer el Ma-map; 21K
<|endoftext|>
Saginaw Valley State University (SVSU) is a public university in University Center, Michigan. It was founded in 1963 as Saginaw Valley College. It is located on 748 acres in Saginaw County's Kochville Township, approximately 5.5 miles north of downtown Saginaw.
It is the youngest of Michigan's 15 public colleges and universities. SVSU offers over 100 academic programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels with approximately 8,500 students at its main campus in University Center. SVSU offers programs of study in its five colleges.


== History ==
Higher education in the Saginaw Valley region dates back to the founding of Bay City Junior College in 1922. Though the junior college was replaced by Delta College in 1961, the area still lacked a four-year baccalaureate institution. Saginaw Valley College was founded as a private institution in November 1963, and became a state-supported institution in 1965. The name changed to Saginaw Valley State College in 1974 and again to Saginaw Valley State University in 1987.


=== Beginnings ===
In 1955, civic leaders in the Saginaw Valley region met to discuss prospects for a local institution of higher education. The next year, a committee of 300 recommended a two-year community college which would expand to a four-year college. The two-year college, Delta, was approved by voters in 1958 and opened in 1961.


=== Saginaw Valley College ===
Articles of incorporation for what would become Saginaw Valley College (originally called Delta Senior University) were drawn up in 1963, and the state granted a charter to SVC as a private, four-year liberal arts institution. Dr. Samuel D. Marble, the president of Delta College, was appointed president of SVC in 1964. After holding both presidencies for four months, he resigned from Delta. The first class of 119 students completed two years at Delta and transferred to SVC. The first commencement ceremony was held in 1966 at a Midland church for a graduating class of ten. A site for a permanent SVC campus (the college was operating out of Delta's basement) was chosen in Kochville Township in 1966 and classes were moved to a building on that site the next year. Ground was broken for what would become Wickes Hall in the late summer. Saginaw Valley College received full accreditation by the North Central Association in April 1970. The college's athletic teams were named the Redbirds, shortly thereafter changed to Cardinals after two coaches spotted a kitchen decoration with a cardinal on it at a golf tournament in Kentucky. In 1972, the Cardinals became a charter member of the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference, and in 1974 Frank "Muddy" Waters was hired as the college's first football coach.


=== Saginaw Valley State College ===
The name changed to Saginaw Valley State College in 1974. That same year, Samuel D. Marble, the college's president who had also served in that role at Delta College, submitted his resignation. Marble had also served as president of Wilmington College in Ohio. He would be named president emeritus and is honored with a lecture hall named in his honor in Wickes Hall. In November 1974, Jack M. Ryder became president of the college. A report by the Michigan Efficiency Task Force in 1977 recommended to then-Governor William G. Milliken that SVSC and Delta could be run more efficiently if they were combined, an idea which gained no traction. In 1980 the Higher Learning Commission/North Central Association continued this accreditation and granted accreditation at the master's degree level. Both accreditations have been retained continuously since the original accreditation. Also in 1980, two Japanese students attended SVSC for two weeks, beginning what is now a flourishing international student enrollment. A fire in 1985 destroyed financial records, registration files, and other important records. The college became home to the works of the noted sculptor Marshall M. Fredericks in June 1987.


=== Saginaw Valley State University ===
On November 5, 1987, SVSC became Saginaw Valley State University. Dr. Jack Ryder resigned as president in 1989 and Eric R. Gilbertson succeeded him. An off-campus location was opened in Cass City in 1991. In 2000, George W. Bush visited the Ryder Center days before the election where he would be elected President of the United States. The annual Battle of the Valleys, a fundraising competition against rival Grand Valley State University, was established in 2003. In 2009, SVSU alumnus Tony Ceccacci was the lead flight director for STS-125, a mission to repair the Hubble Space Telescope, and an SVSU pennant was sent to space on board the Space Shuttle Atlantis. The pennant is currently on display in Pioneer Hall. On June 18, 2013, President Gilbertson announced his intention to retire when the university's board of control finds his replacement.Ming Chuan University, the first Asian university to be accredited in the United States, opened their Michigan Campus in Gilbertson Hall in 2014.In 2015, SVSU applied to the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching to receive a Community Engagement Classification. To be selected, institutions provide descriptions and examples of institutionalized practices of community engagement that showed alignment among mission, culture, leadership, resources and practices. The designation is in effect for 10 years.


==== 50th Anniversary ====
In 2013, SVSU celebrated its 50th anniversary with a gala banquet on November 9 and various events throughout the year, including an economic summit on October 25. The university also launched a fundraising campaign entitled "Talent. Opportunity. Promise." with the goal of raising $25 million.


=== Presidents ===
Dr. Samuel Davey Marble served as president of SVC from March 23, 1964 to January 14, 1974. He had been  the first president of Delta College, from 1958 to 1964. The lecture hall in Wickes Hall was named in his honor, the Gladys and Samuel Marble Graduate Business Scholarship Fund was established in 1997, and the Samuel Marble Memorial Scholarship was established in 1990 to be awarded to a transfer student from Delta.
Dr. Jack McBride Ryder served as president of SVSC/SVSU from November 1, 1974 to June 30, 1989. He initiated the successful construction of Brown Hall, the Zahnow Library, the science building, and the Ryder Center. He was also instrumental in raising private gifts for the construction of Pioneer Hall, the Arbury Fine Arts Center, the Marshall M. Fredericks Sculpture Museum, and Wickes Stadium. Due to his leadership, SVSC, Grand Valley State College, Ferris State College, and Lake Superior State College were all elevated to universities by legislation signed on November 4, 1987. Dr. Ryder was named a president emeritus of the University on December 13, 1991.Dr. Eric R. Gilbertson was inaugurated as president of SVSU on August 29, 1989, and served as the longest-tenured in SVSU's history. During his tenure, the university's endowment has increased twenty-fold and the campus physical plant has tripled in size. Enrollment nearly doubled during his tenure. Gilbertson is a former president of Johnson State College in Vermont and was the executive assistant to the president of Ohio State University as well as legal counsel to the Ohio Board of Regents. Dr. Gilbertson announced his intention to retire in 2013 upon the appointment of his successor.On February 10, 2014, Dr. Donald Bachand, the university's provost and academic vice president, was named SVSU's fourth president. He officially took office February 17 and was formally installed June 22.


== Accreditations ==
Saginaw Valley State University was accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association as a baccalaureate degree granting institution in 1970. In 1980 the HLC/NCA continued this accreditation and granted accreditation at the master's degree level. Both accreditations have been retained continuously since the original accreditation. SVSU also has ten programs that have been awarded specialized accreditations, including being selected by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching to receive its 2015 Community Engagement Classification, marking SVSU as a university that is exceptionally engaged with the community it serves.


== Academic colleges ==


=== College of Arts and Behavioral Sciences ===
The College of Arts and Behavioral Sciences is the oldest of the university's five colleges.


=== Scott L. Carmona College of Business ===
Scott L. Carmona College of Business is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB). Named after Scott L. Carmona, a 1981 alumnus, and owner of Sunrise National Distributors Inc., a distributor of automotive afterparts in Bay City, the college is undergoing a 38,500 sq. ft. expansion that is expected to open in 2020.


=== College of Education ===
SVSU offers teacher education programs, advanced educator learning programs as well as certification renewal and endorsements.


=== Crystal M. Lange College of Health and Human Services ===
The Crystal M. Lange College of Health and Human Services is named for the founder of the College of Nursing who served as its dean for 20 years.


=== College of Science, Engineering and Technology ===
The College of Science, Engineering and Technology offers academic programs in the science, engineering, and technology disciplines.


== Campus ==


=== Academic buildings ===

Wickes Hall is named for Harvey Randall Wickes, and is the main administrative center on campus.
Brown Hall is named for Maurice E. Brown. It houses faculty offices and classrooms.
The Melvin J. Zahnow Library houses over 200,000 print volumes and over 400,000 non-print items.
The Arbury Fine Arts Center is named for Ned and Dorothy Arbury. It houses classrooms and other facilities for the fine arts, including the Marshall M. Fredericks Sculpture Museum.
The Herbert Dow Doan Science Building is named for Herbert Dow Doan, and houses classrooms, faculty offices, teaching labs, research labs, and a Starbucks.
Curtiss Hall is named for Charles B. Curtiss, a long-time member of the Board of Control. Groening Commons, the large atrium inside Curtiss Hall, is named for William A. Groening.
Pioneer Hall, the home of the College of Science, Engineering and Technology, was completed in 1978 and recently underwent a large renovation. It is "certified green" by the U.S. Green Building Council, the first building in mid-Michigan to be so recognized.
Eric R. Gilbertson Hall is home to the College of Education and other classes and departments, including the James A. Barcia Center for Public Policy and Service. Originally named the Regional Education Center, the building was named for the University's third president in 2014. Ming Chuan University's Michigan Campus is located in this building.
The Health and Human Services Building is home to the Crystal M. Lange College of Health and Human Services. The building incorporates the largest aqua-thermal heating/cooling system in the state of Michigan to reduce energy costs by over 35%.
The Doan Center houses the Marketplace at Doan, the main dining hall, and other student-related activities. It is named for Leland I. Doan.
The Ryder Center is the main athletic building on campus and also houses classrooms. It is named for Jack McBride Ryder.


=== Other buildings ===
The Covenant MedExpress is a $2.6 million clinic open to SVSU students and the public. It is part of a partnership with Covenant Healthcare and has X-ray and lab facilities.


=== Residence halls ===

(In order of construction)

First year suites A-E
First year suites F and G
MJ Brandimore House (formerly known as Living Center North)
Living Center South
University Village
Pine Grove
Living Center Southwest


== Administration ==
The governing authority of the university is the Board of Control, established by the Michigan Constitution and by statute consisting of eight members appointed by the Governor of Michigan for eight-year terms. The university is considered a political subdivision of the state government and, thus, is exempt from federal income tax.


== Athletics ==

The Saginaw Valley State University fields 18 varsity teams at the NCAA Division II level as members of the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (GLIAC).  The Cardinals compete in the following sports:

The Junior Varsity football program dates to 1974; Varsity football started in 1975, as did the marching band. The school song is "Cardinal Fight", written by Thomas Root.
The Men's Ice Hockey team won consecutive national championships in 2009 and 2010.


== Cultural exchange ==
The university has a sister-college exchange relationship with Shikoku University in Tokushima, Japan.


== Notable alumni ==
Former Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle Rob Callaway
State Representative Matt Koleszar
Congressman Bart Stupak
Congressman, State Representative, and State Senator James A. Barcia B.A. (who received an honorary doctorate from SVSU in 2001)
University of Texas women's basketball coach Gail Goestenkors (former coach at Duke U.)
Philadelphia Eagles offensive guard Todd Herremans
Former Jacksonville Jaguars defensive lineman Paul Spicer
Former Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive end Lamar King
Former Buffalo Bills linebacker John DiGiorgio
Former Buffalo Bills linebacker Eugene Marve
Former Green Bay Packers and Buffalo Bills wide receiver Ruvell Martin
Former Houston Texans wide receiver Glenn Martinez
Toronto Argonauts cornerback Matt Black
Michigan State University women's basketball coach Suzy Merchant (formerly coach at SVSU and Eastern Michigan University)
Central Michigan University women's basketball coach Sue Guevara (formerly coach at University of Michigan and softball coach at SVSU)
Professional ten-pin bowler Bill O'Neill
Meera Chopra, South Indian film actress
Dej Loaf, rapper, singer, took nursing classes
Dallas Cowboys safety Jeff Heath
Green Bay Packers wide receiver Jeff Janis
Big Brother 16 houseguest and Big Brother 18 winner Nicole Franzel
BC Lions quarterback Jonathon Jennings
Green Bay Packers coach Matt LaFleur
Saudi General Intelligence Directorate Director Khalid bin Ali al Humaidan 


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website 
SVSU Athletics website
<|endoftext|>
Cole Deggs & the Lonesome was an American country music band founded in 2006 by Cole Deggs (lead vocals), Shade Deggs (bass guitar), David Wallace (lead guitar, vocals), Jimmy Wallace (keyboards), and Brian Hayes (drums). Cole and Shade Degges are brothers from Lake Jackson, Texas, David and Jimmy Wallace (who are also brothers) are from Shreveport, Louisiana, and Hayes is a Florida native. Before the band's foundation, Cole Degges co-wrote songs for other country artists, including an album track for Kenny Chesney, as well as Tracy Byrd's 2006 single "Cheapest Motel" and Andy Griggs' 2008 single "Tattoo Rose". He also wrote Gary Allan's 2013 single "It Ain't the Whiskey".
Cole Deggs & The Lonesome signed to Columbia Records Nashville in 2007, releasing their self-titled debut album that year. The first single, "I Got More," reached number 25 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. After the second single, "Girl Next Door," failed to reach the Top 40, Cole Degges & The Lonesome were dropped by Columbia.


== Discography ==


=== Albums ===


=== Singles ===


=== Music videos ===


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Pineo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Abraham Pineo Gesner (1797–1864), Canadian physician and geologist
Henry Gesner Pineo Jr. (1830–1874), Canadian politician
Richard Pineo (born 1975), English cricket player
<|endoftext|>
A story generator or plot generator is a tool that generates basic narratives or plot ideas. The generator could be in the form of a computer program, a chart with multiple columns, a book composed of panels that flip independently of one another, or a set of several adjacent reels that spin independently of one another, allowing a user to select elements of a narrative plot. The tool may allow the user to select elements for the narrative, or it may combine them randomly, a specific variation known as a random plot generator. Such tools can be created for virtually any genre, although they tend to produce formulaic and hackneyed situations.


== Overview ==
Plot generators were described as early as the late 1920s, with Plotto; a new method of plot suggestion for writers of creative fiction, by William Wallace Cook, appearing in 1928. Plotto is a non-random plot generator; the reader makes all the decisions within the framework set out by the book.In an article originally published in 1935 and reprinted in 2002, Robert J. Hogan described a book-based device called the Plot Genie which consisted of three lists of 180 items each: murder victims in the first list, crime locations in the second list, and important clues in the third list. The item to use from each list was chosen by spinning a dial with 180 numbers on it. Hogan also mentions other similar devices such as The 36 Dramatic Situations and Plotto (see above).The earliest computerized story generator was TALE-SPIN, an artificial intelligence program developed in the 1970s. More recently in the 1990s, the computer program MEXICA was developed for academic research into automated plot generation. It produces plots related to the Mexica people. Using an approach similar to that of MEXICA, the program ProtoPropp generates stories related to Russian folklore. There are a large number of "random plot generators" available on the internet—generic and relating to specific fandoms, with a certain amount of academic research into the subject.The term story generator algorithms (SGAs) refers to computational procedures resulting in an artifact that can be considered a story. In the field of Artificial Intelligence (AI), the automated generation of stories has been a subject of research for over fifty years. An algorithm is understood as a set of instructions that, when applied to a given input, produces an output. In the present context, the desired output is a story. The underlying concept of “story” in SGAs is functional and does not imply any aesthetic notion. This is important because it sets the context for evaluation of generated stories, for which having a surface realization as a readable and appealing text is not necessarily a core issue.GPT-2 (2019) could be used to generate stories, if given appropriate prompts. "TalkToTransformer.com", released later that year, offered an accessible front-end to the public to use GPT-2's technology to generate stories. AI Dungeon, also layered on GPT-2, debuted in December 2019, and by August 2020 reportedly claimed over a million active monthly users.


== References ==


== External links ==
Plotto: a new method of plot suggestion for writers of creative fiction (scan of the original book at the Internet Archive)
Plotto: a new method of plot suggestion for writers of creative fiction (a transcribed and hyperlinked version compiled by Gary Kac)
<|endoftext|>
Hexamidine is an antiseptic and disinfectant. Hexomedine is the trade name of a diisethionate solution (1/1.000) of hexamidine. Hexamidine is used primarily as its diisethionate salt, which is more water-soluble than the dihydrochloride. The dihydrochloride was first synthesized and patented as a trypanocide for May & Baker in 1939. Its amoebicidal properties emerged in the 1990s. The exact mechanism of its biocidal action is unknown, but presumed similar to quaternary ammonium compounds, involving binding to the negatively charged lipid membranes of pathogens. Hexamidine and its shorter congener, propamidine, are used as antiseptics and preservatives in pharmaceuticals and cosmetics. They are particularly used for the topical treatment of acanthamoebiasis (Acanthamoeba keratitis).


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
George Sykes (September 20, 1802 – February 25, 1880) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1843 to 1845, and was reelected in 1845 to fill a vacancy, serving until 1847.


== Biography ==
Sykes was born in Sykesville, New Jersey, I n North Hanover Township on September 20, 1802. He was educated by private teachers, and became a surveyor and conveyancer.


=== Congress ===
He was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth Congress, serving in office from March 4, 1843 to March 3, 1845. He was elected to the Twenty-ninth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Samuel G. Wright, and served from November 4, 1845 to March 3, 1847.


=== USS Princeton incident ===
He was a passenger aboard the USS Princeton on February 28, 1844, when one of its guns exploded killing six, including two members of President John Tyler's cabinet.


== Later career and death ==
After leaving Congress, he served as a member of the council of properties of West Jersey and was a member of the New Jersey General Assembly from 1877 to 1879. He died near Mansfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey, on February 25, 1880, and was interred in Old Upper Springfield Friends Burying Ground near Wrightstown, New Jersey.


== References ==


== External links ==

Congressional Biography
George Sykes at The Political Graveyard
George Sykes at Find a Grave
<|endoftext|>
The Blackham Baronetcy, of London, was a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created on 13 April 1696 by King William III for Richard Blackham, a woollen manufacturer and a Turkey merchant. The title became extinct on the death of his son the second Baronet John Blackham in 1728.


== Sir Richard Blackham ==

Sir Richard Blackham was a merchant and woolen manufacturer. His family was 'from Warwickshire and Staffordshire extraction'. An ancestor Benjamin Blackham was made Knight by King Charles I in 1631.In 1690 Blackham travelled to Ireland with King William III where he was involved in clothing six thousand of Williams soldiers for the Battle of the Boyne. He was also involved with providing ships during the Nine Years War.In 1696 Blackham signed a contract with Captain Kidd. Kidd was commissioned by William III to set out on a pirate hunting expedition where he was to entitled to receive ten percent of any recovered profits. However, as he needed additional funding for the voyage he made a deal with Blackham. In the agreement Kidd exchanged some of his promised shares in return for money.Blackham and his wife were apprehended for manufacturing counterfeit coins in 1705. In another instance in the Old Bailey he was found "guilty of Misprision of treason for melting down the coin of England, and making
foreign coins of it".Blackham was married to Elizabeth Appleyard c.1690, (daughter of Thomas Appleyard and Mary Boynton) with whom he had five children, three died in their infancy (Thomas, Richard and Elizabeth), and two survived (John and Frances).


== Sir John Blackham ==
Sir Richard's son Sir John Blackham survived his father by only three days. The Baronetcy became extinct on his death.


== Blackham Baronets, of London (1696) ==
Sir Richard Blackham, 1st Baronet (died 1728)
Sir John Blackham, 2nd Baronet (died 1728)


== Notes ==


== References ==
Leigh Rayment's list of baronets  


== External links ==
A secret agreement between pirate hunters, 1696 | Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History
The English Baronets: Being a Genealogical and Historical Account of Their Families ...
Person Page
A Genealogical and Heraldic History of the Extinct and Dormant Baronetcies of England
<|endoftext|>
Dumitru Popescu Colibași Sports Hall is an indoor arena located in Brașov, Romania, with a total capacity of 1,700 seats. It is primarily used by the women's handball team Corona Brașov. It also hosts cultural events, such as concerts.


== History ==


=== 2011–2013 renovation ===
Sala Sporturilor Dumitru Popescu Colibași's €7 million second renovation took place over two years. It began in 2011, extending the outside parking capacity, as well as giving it a more modern exterior look. The construction was completed for April 2013.


== Events ==
Among the major events it hosted there is the tennis game between Romania and Belarus, in the 2005 Davis Cup World Group.In women's handball, it hosted several continental competition games played by the local team, such as the Challenge Cup final in the 2005–06 season, the Cup Winners' Cup final in the 2007–08 season, or in the EHF Cup, the semi-finals in the 2008–09 and the 2015–16 seasons.


== Gallery ==
Sala Sporturilor Dumitru Popescu Colibași
		
		
		


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The University of Kentucky College of Engineering is an ABET accredited, public engineering school located on the campus of the University of Kentucky. The college has eight departments. The college operates the University of Kentucky College of Engineering Extended Campus at Paducah in partnership with West Kentucky Community and Technical College in Paducah, Kentucky, offering bachelor's degrees in chemical engineering and mechanical engineering.
The college offers nine undergraduate degrees: biosystems engineering, chemical engineering, civil engineering, computer engineering, computer science, electrical engineering, materials engineering, mechanical engineering and mining engineering. It also offers master's and doctoral degrees in biomedical engineering, biosystems engineering, chemical engineering, civil engineering, computer science, electrical engineering, materials engineering, mechanical engineering and mining engineering. A master's degree in manufacturing systems engineering is available online.
Engineering education at the University of Kentucky goes back to the founding of the university as a Land-grant university in 1865. William Benjamin Munson, the University of Kentucky's first graduate in 1869, studied engineering and became a prosperous entrepreneur. John Wesley Gunn, Class of 1890, earned the first awarded engineering degree. Margaret Ingels earned a mechanical engineering degree in 1916, becoming the first woman to receive an engineering degree from the University of Kentucky College of Engineering. When she later received a master's degree in mechanical engineering, she made history as the first woman in the United States to earn a graduate degree in engineering. The first African-American student to receive an undergraduate degree from the University of Kentucky was Holloway Fields Jr., who graduated with an electrical engineering degree in 1951. The college currently occupies approximately 320,000 square feet of space. College administration resides in the Ralph G. Anderson Building, which opened in 2002. Thomas W. Lester served as dean from 1990–2012, the longest tenure for any dean at the University of Kentucky in its history. In 2018, the college hired  Rudolph G. Buchheit from the College of Engineering at Ohio State to serve as dean.


== Notable alumni ==
Ralph G. Anderson, founder of Belcan Corporation
Matt Cutts, early Google employee and former head of Google's web spam team
Margaret Ingels, pioneer of air conditioning technology, advocate for women in engineering
Sannie Overly, member of the Kentucky House of Representatives
Paul Patton, 59th Governor of Kentucky
Murray Raney, American mechanical engineer, developer of Raney nickel
Lee Todd, inventor, entrepreneur, and 11th president of the University of Kentucky
William T. Young, businessman and philanthropist


== Notable student projects ==
UK Solar Car Team
UK IEEE Robotics Team


== References ==


== External links ==
University of Kentucky College of Engineering
<|endoftext|>
Lawrence Desmond Taylor (born 23 November 1947) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.


== Career ==
Taylor began his career at Bristol Rovers in 1965, making 90 Football League appearances for the club over the course of five years. In 1970, Taylor signed for Chelmsford City, where he played until 1976.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Katrīna Amerika (born 31 May 1991 in Jelgava, Latvia), née Šķiņķe, is a Latvian chess player and Woman International Master (2009). She shared third place in the European Girls Under-12 Championship in 2003. She won the Latvian Chess Championship for women in 2014, and finished second in 2011, and 2013, and third on three occasions (2004, 2009, 2010).
Katrīna Amerika played for Latvia in the Chess Olympiads:
In 2008, at fourth board in the 38th Chess Olympiad in Dresden (+7 −2 =1);
In 2010, at fourth board in the 39th Chess Olympiad in Khanty-Mansiysk (+4 -2 =3);
In 2012, at fourth board in the 40th Chess Olympiad in Istanbul (+5 -3 =1);
In 2014, at fourth board in the 41st Chess Olympiad in Tromsø (+8 -2 =1).Katrīna Amerika played for Latvia in the European Team Chess Championship (women):
In 2011, at third board in the 18th European Team Chess Championship (women) in Porto Carras (+2 −1 =1);
In 2015, at fourth board in 20th European Team Chess Championship (women) in Reykjavik (+3 −2 =4).


== References ==


== External links ==
Amerika, Katrina rating card at FIDE 
Katrina Amerika player profile and games at Chessgames.com
Katrina Amerika player profile at 365chess.com
Katrina Amerika player profile at chesstempo.com
<|endoftext|>
The Magdalena Valley dry forests (NT0221) is an ecoregion in Colombia along the upper Magdalena River, a large river that runs from south to north between the two main cordilleras of the Andes. There are many endemic species, but much of the original habitat has been destroyed by agriculture and over-grazing, mainly by goats. 
The habitat is not protected by any national park, and is at risk of complete destruction.


== Location ==
The Magdalena Valley dry forests ecoregion is in the valley of the upper Magdalena River, a river that flows north through the Andes to the Caribbean.
It has an area of 19,748 square kilometres (7,625 sq mi).
The Magdalena River is the largest in Colombia.
The dry forests are almost entirely surrounded by the Magdalena Valley montane forests ecoregion.
At its northern end the dry valley merges into the Magdalena–Urabá moist forests.
It holds a small patch of the Northern Andean páramo ecoregion.


== Terrain ==
The Magdalena River runs from the Central Massif between the Eastern and Central Ranges of the Andes north to the Caribbean.
The dry forest is in the upper section. Lower down the river runs through rainforest and then through swamps and wetlands.
The average elevation of the dry forest section is 450 metres (1,480 ft).
The valley floor is flat, with fertile alluvial soils and large deposits of ash from the Huila and Puracé volcanoes.
The dry Tatacoa Desert holds many vertebrate fossils dating from the Miocene era.The best soils are in areas with piedmont and alluvial valley landscapes, which cover 54.41% of the valley and are irrigated for agriculture.
Areas of structural-erosional mountainous landscape cover 18.13% of the area and have no value for farming, so may be conserved as protected areas.
Most soils are neither strongly acidic nor alkaline, with pH levels of 5.8–7.5.
They have low or very low amounts of organic material, and low to medium levels of phosphorus.
69% of the soils are very susceptible to erosion and these mostly have low or very low natural fertility.
Where these soils are not covered by vegetation they may be washed away during the rainy seasons.


== Climate ==
The Köppen climate classification is "Am": equatorial, monsoonal.
Annual rainfall in the Magdalena valley ranges from 831 to 2,268 millimetres (32.7 to 89.3 in), distributed over two distinct rainy seasons.
The rainy seasons last from April to July and from October to December.
There is a water deficiency from April to September.
In the Tatacoa Desert there is less than 700 millimetres (28 in) of rain annually.
Mean annual temperature is 26.8 °C (80.2 °F).
Temperatures rise to about 29.8 °C (85.6 °F) in July and August.


== Ecology ==

The Magdalena Valley dry forests ecoregion is in the neotropical realm, in the tropical and subtropical dry broadleaf forests biome.


=== Relation with other ecoregions ===
The Magdalena Valley dry forests ecoregion is part of the 103,000 square kilometres (40,000 sq mi) Tumbesian-Andean Valleys Dry Forests global ecoregion, which holds six terrestrial ecoregions: Tumbes–Piura dry forests, Ecuadorian dry forests, Patía Valley dry forests, Magdalena Valley dry forests, Cauca Valley dry forests and Marañón dry forests. 
The fauna and flora of the global ecoregion have high levels of endemism.The climate has varied during the present Quaternary period as glacial and inter-glacial cycles alternate.
In glacial cycles the climate is drier and cooler by 2–8 °C (4–14 °F). Moist/wet forests retreat to refugia while the dry forests of the Magalena Valley extend to connect with other dry forests in Colombia and Venezuela, although the extremely humid Chocó region may remain a barrier between the northern dry forests and those of Ecuador and Peru. 
In inter-glacial cycles such as the present the warmer and more humid climate causes the moist forests to expand and dry forests to retreat into refugia.
In this model the dry pocket and surrounding forests are considered to be the Alto Magdalena Pleistocene refugium, a paleo-environment and a center of endemism.
Many species of plants such as orchids, or birds and butterflies are endemic to the ecoregion.


=== Flora ===
Vegetation in the Tatacoa Desert is thorny, and includes cactus species such as Opuntia and Melocactus species, Armatocereus humilis, Stenocereus griseus, Acanthocereus tetragonus and Pilosocereus colombianus.
The dry central pocket also includes umbrella-shaped woody species under 15 metres (49 ft) including Pithecellobium bogotense, Capparis odoratissima, Bulnesia carrapo, Maclura tinctoria, Fagara pterota, Parkinsonia aculeta, Prosopis juliflora and Vachellia farnesiana.
Above 2,800 metres (9,200 ft) the vegetation is replaced by montane cloud forest and páramo.
Endemic plant species include Steriphoma colombiana, Amaria petiolata and Pithecellobium bogotense.
The endemic and highly endangered  May flower (Cattleya trianae), the national flower of Colombia, grows in the transition forests between the dry and moist regions.


=== Fauna ===

There are some endemic subspecies including the burrowing owl (Athene cunicularia tolimae), crested bobwhite (Colinus cristatus leucotis), velvet-fronted euphonia (Euphonia concinna) and eastern cottontail (Sylvilagus floridanus purgatus).
Endangered mammals include the white-footed tamarin (Saguinus leucopus) and the mountain tapir (Tapirus pinchaque).
Endangered reptiles include the Magdalena River turtle (Podocnemis lewyana).
The region is home to the endangered tropical rattle snake Crotalus durissus.
Other endemic or endangered species from the humid forests of the foothills include the Colombian weasel (Mustela felipei).Species that may be used as a source of income from supplying zoo nurseries, and thus less vulnerable, include red brocket (Mazama americana), white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus), lowland paca (Cuniculus paca), Central American agouti (Dasyprocta punctata), eastern cottontail (Sylvilagus floridanus), tapeti (Sylvilagus brasiliensis), poison dart frog (Dendrobates species), toad (Bufo species), harlequin toad (Atelopus species), tree frog (Hyla species), rain frog (Eleutherodactylus species), foam nest frog (Leptodactylus species), spectacled caiman (Caiman crocodilus), green iguana (Iguana iguana) and boa constrictor (Boa constrictor).297 birds species have been reported, of which 35 were directly associated with the forest.
Migratory birds of the Thraupidae, Parulidae and Accipitridae families pass through the region.
The western osprey (Pandion haliaetus) visits the north of the region in the winter.
Parrots and hummingbirds migrate from higher regions.
Long after it was thought to be extinct and the yellow-eared parrot (Ognorhynchus icterotis) was rediscovered in the region.
The blue-billed curassow (Crax alberti) is no longer present.
Endangered birds include the recurve-billed bushbird (Clytoctantes alixii).


== Status ==
The World Wildlife Fund gives the ecoregion the status of "Critical/Endangered".
Much of the original habitat has been destroyed by agriculture and overgrazing, particularly by goats, leaving only a few forest patches along creeks and the Cabrera River in Tolima Department.
Drilling and extraction of oil causes pollution around the Tatacoa desert.
The population is poor, with limited education, often living in unhygienic conditions in shanty towns around large farms.
On flat soils that can be ploughed by tractor the most common type of farming is irrigated rice production, rotated with sorghum and cattle.
Other farmers grow rain-fed sorghum with cotton, corn or sheep and cattle, or grow rain-fed sesame plants and fruit trees.As of 2001, 69% of the area had been transformed by human activity.
Of 19,884.5 square kilometres (7,677.4 sq mi) total, 13,785.4 square kilometres (5,322.6 sq mi) had been converted to agricultural use.
There were no protected areas.
Maps of the region from the early 21st century show about 31 irregular and fragmented remnants of dry forest, with an average size of 155.5 hectares (384 acres).
The ecoregion is considered to be at high risk of complete destruction.


== References ==


== External Links ==
Magdalena Valley Dry Forests - Bioregions 2021. One Earth.


=== Bibliography ===
<|endoftext|>
Manglutan is a village in Andaman district on the south coast of South Andaman Island, belonging to India. It is located 14 miles (23 km) to the southwest of Port Blair and contains a school, hospital, and police station. The 60 acre Manglutan Rubber Plantation was established at Manglutan in 1960/61.
The Dhanikari Stream flows near here.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Borommarachathirat IV or Borom Rachathirat IV (Thai: บรมราชาธิราชที่ ๔), also known as Borom Racha No Phutthangkun (Thai: บรมราชาหน่อพุทธางกูร), formerly Athittayawong (Thai: อาทิตยวงศ์), was the short-reigning king of Ayutthaya from 1529 to 1533. Prince Athittayawong was the son of Ramathibodi II and became the Uparaja in 1515. Following his father's death, Athittayawong succeeded the Ayutthayan throne as Borommaracha IV. He appointed his brother, Prince Chairachathirat, as the Uparaja at Phitsanulok. Borommaracha IV died abruptly in 1533 due to a smallpox epidemic, leaving the throne to his five-year-old son, Prince Ratsadathirat.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Sinatra Family Wish You a Merry Christmas is a 1968 Christmas album by Frank Sinatra and featuring his children, Frank Sinatra, Jr., Nancy Sinatra and Tina Sinatra.
The album was released on vinyl LP, reel to reel, and 8-track, and was out of print for decades before being re-released on CD in 1999 by Artanis Entertainment Group.
Frank, Sr., Nancy and Tina recorded their contributions in the studio together.  Frank, Jr. was away on tour, and added his singing later to the pre-recorded tracks. The closing song, "The Twelve Days of Christmas", has different lyrics sung by Sinatra's children honoring their father with their gifts to him, with their father singing the final verse and chorus solo.


== Track listing ==
"I Wouldn't Trade Christmas" (Sammy Cahn, Jimmy Van Heusen)  – 2:55
"It's Such a Lonely Time of Year" (Chip Taylor)  – 4:38
"Some Children See Him" (Whila Hutson, Alfred Burt)  – 2:59
"O Bambino (One Cold and Blessed Winter)" (Remo Capra, Tony Velona)  – 2:59
"The Bells of Christmas (Greensleeves)" (Traditional; arranged by Sammy Cahn and Jimmy Van Heusen)  – 3:41
"Whatever Happened to Christmas?" (Jimmy Webb)  – 3:05
"Santa Claus Is Coming to Town" (John Frederick Coots, Haven Gillespie)  – 2:35
"Kids" (Scott Davis)  – 3:01
"The Christmas Waltz" (Sammy Cahn, Jule Styne)  – 3:12
"The Twelve Days of Christmas" (Traditional; arranged by Sammy Cahn and Jimmy Van Heusen)  – 4:26


== Personnel ==
Frank Sinatra - Vocals (Tracks 1, 5, 6, 9, 10)
Frank Sinatra, Jr. - Vocals (Tracks 1, 3, 5, 10)
Nancy Sinatra - Vocals (Tracks 1, 2, 4, 5, 8, 10)
Tina Sinatra - Vocals (Tracks 1, 4, 5, 7, 10)
Nelson Riddle - Arranger, Composer
Don Costa - Arranger, Composer
The Jimmy Joyce Singers - Vocals


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
"Nasty woman" was a phrase used by 2016 US presidential candidate Donald Trump to refer to opponent Hillary Clinton during the third presidential debate. The phrase made worldwide news, became a viral call for some women voters, and has also launched a feminist movement by the same name.The phrase influenced memes, popular culture, books and magazines, art exhibits, and theater and concert productions, and came to be known as a women's rights rallying cry by some in the media.


== Origin ==
On October 19, 2016, during the final presidential debate, Hillary Clinton explained her hopes to improve the Social Security program by increasing taxes on the wealthy, commenting that her own Social Security contributions would accordingly go up along with those of her opponent, Donald Trump, "assuming he can't figure out how to get out of it." Trump immediately retorted, "Such a nasty woman." His comment sparked an immediate reaction on various social media platforms, having the biggest response from Twitter. Women, and some men, embraced Trump's insult and turned it into a hashtag. Some users even referenced Janet Jackson's 1986 single "Nasty". Considered the female equivalent of Trump's "bad hombres", "nasty woman" became an international rallying cry for feminist women in defiance of Trump.


== Movement ==

The Nasty Woman Movement is a movement that launched in 2016 as a result of a comment made by then-Presidential nominee Donald Trump. The phrase has been used by many feminists that describe themselves as being "just as nasty-maybe even more nasty- than the woman [Hillary Clinton] Trump had attempted to denigrate, via a weaponized mutter." The term is associated with the goals of the Women's Movement through a poem, 'nasty woman,' which was recited at the Women's March on Washington. Its intent is to reclaim the pejorative term, nasty. "The phrase [nasty woman] became a rallying cry for women everywhere," and it has generated merchandise that bears the term 'nasty woman.' Also, projects and exhibitions have used the term for their efforts to fundraise for Planned Parenthood, echoing the Women's March's support for the healthcare provider. Some celebrities favor the phrase, wearing 'nasty woman' T-shirts and expressing their support. The support was most notable on Twitter, where the phrase was, approvingly, tweeted about.


== Partnerships ==
Various offshoot independent projects from the Nasty Women Movement have raised funds for the organization Planned Parenthood. The fundraising is in direct response to President Donald Trump's conservative pro-life agenda to cut federal funding to Planned Parenthood due to their abortion services.


=== Nasty Women Project: Voices from the Resistance ===
Nasty Women Project: Voices from the Resistance is a book compiling a collection of empowering stories from "Nasty Women" around the nation that were affected emotionally or in other ways by the 2016 election that resulted in Donald Trump getting the nomination. The book was published "to fight the threat of misogyny and oppression overtaking our nation" with 100% of the proceeds going directly to funding Planned Parenthood. The book is "not a project to shed the limelight or give the glory to any one person. It is to chronicle and be a reminder of where we have been, where we will go, what we are capable of doing and what we will do, as women, mothers, daughters, sisters, friends." Writers Margaret Atwood, Louise O'Neill, and Nikesh Shukla have voiced their appreciation for The Nasty Women Project.


=== "Nasty Woman" Apparel ===
Sales from the viral "Nasty Woman" T-shirt, created by Amanda Brinkman and worn by various celebrities and many others involved in the movement, have thus far raised over $130,000 for Planned Parenthood. Google Ghost has since rebranded as Shrill Society and created other products revolving around the Nasty Women Movement, continuing to donate a percentage of all their merchandise sales to charitable organizations. Some of their new merchandise includes a "Year of the Nasty Woman" planner, also known as the "Fuck Trump Action Planner," that features inspiring quotes from other female leaders along with ideas of various ways to take action during Trump's presidency. Other independent designers have also created merchandise with portions of the proceeds going to Planned Parenthood.


=== Nasty Women Exhibition ===
Another large contributor is the global art and activism movement Nasty Women, which has held various art exhibits internationally featuring artists from around the world with 100% of the proceeds going directly to Planned Parenthood. One of the projects creators, Roxanne Jackson, explained that the exhibits have an open submission process that accepts "all submitted artwork for this show, regardless of content, as we are focusing on the solidarity of women coming together to object the Trump regime, rather than curating a more typical exhibition." The other co-director of the movement Jessamyn Fiore sees the art exhibit as a demonstration of "the power of our collective strength and determination and creativity and compassion. We will not tolerate any move backwards in time in terms of the policies that affect my body, my health, my quality of life, my freedom."   The creators asked artists to price their pieces at $100 or less so anyone can afford them. Fiore explained, "I want audience members who have never bought a work of art before to come to the exhibition and be moved by the experience and fall in love with a piece and think "$30, yeah I can afford that, and I'm helping Planned Parenthood!"  Thus far, the Nasty Women exhibitions have raised over $180,000 for Planned Parenthood.


== Popular culture and reception ==


=== T-shirts, apparel and products ===

The Nasty Woman t-shirt designed by Shrill Society was created during the 2016 debate and made available for purchase online, with half of the proceeds pledged to fund Planned Parenthood. The t-shirt went viral and attracted national media attention overnight, with celebrities such as Will Ferrell, Katy Perry, Kristen Bell and Julia Louis-Dreyfus all wearing them publicly and posting their support on social media outlets. The t-shirt quickly became a symbol for the movement.In July 2017, Samantha Bee's "Nasty Woman Shirt" campaign raised over $1 million for Planned Parenthood.
In addition to apparel, other women-owned businesses and brands launched products with philanthropic components. NASTY WOMAN WINES produces "unapologetically feminist wines on a mission" donating 20% of net profits to organizations that help drive equality and representation for all. Nasty Woman Lip Gloss produces cruelty-free, vegan cosmetics with a mission of gender quality and proceeds of sales supporting organizations that value of empowerment and equality. Shrill Society created a Nasty Woman Card Game to get players talking about politics, feminism and current events. Published by Penguin Random House, it was released in August 2018.
During the 2020 presidential race, t-shirts, mugs, and many other articles began displaying the phrase, "Nasty Women Vote" or "This Nasty Woman Votes." The purpose was to clearly point out that what a person says can clearly come back to haunt them four years later. These updated phrases not only generated numerous memes, but were also frequently used on social media in hashtags.


=== In the media ===
The media has supplied support to the nasty women project with the types of articles written about the subject. BuzzFeed has written several articles about the Nasty Women Project, giving the topic more air in the social media sense. Various media outlets such as NPR, The Huffington Post, The Guardian, and many more, all covered aspects of Nasty Women. Saturday Night Live also performed a skit featuring Nasty Woman and Bad Hombres. The reclaiming of the title "nasty woman" has been viewed in a mostly favorable way by the political left, with Senator Elizabeth Warren using the "nasty woman" quote as a call for women to vote against Trump on election day. However, some right wing sources and groups take issue with the Women's March and "nasty women", viewing the movement as crude, aggressive, and/or misinformed.Nina Mariah Donovan, a teenage poetry slam artist, created a poem in response entitled "Nasty Woman" that actress Ashley Judd performed at the 2017 Women's March following Donald Trump's inauguration as President of the United States.The 2018 science-fiction film Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom contained an allusion to the quote, the villainous character Ken Wheatley (Ted Levine) describing Dr. Zia Rodriguez (Daniella Pineda) as a "nasty woman".Rodes Rollins, a singer-songwriter, released "Nasty Woman" in April 2018, "a song centered on the themes of female empowerment and pride".In the ABC series Scandal, main character Olivia Pope tells future president Melody Grant that anytime a woman is in defiance of a man she will be perceived as a “Nasty Woman," referencing Donald Trumps’ comments.


=== "Nasty Woman" on Twitter ===
The Nasty Woman hashtag became popular on social media outlets almost immediately after Donald Trump made the offhanded comment of Hillary Clinton being "such a nasty woman." The hashtag is largely responsible for the immense amount of support and coverage that the movement has gotten. Elizabeth Banks, Jessica Chastain, Chloë Grace Moretz, Denis Leary, Aidy Bryant, Seth Meyers, Yvette Nicole Brown, Patton Oswalt, W. Kamau Bell, and Chelsea Handler have all taken to Twitter to criticize Donald Trump's comments and behavior during the presidential debates, particularly in regard to his "nasty woman" comment.


== See also ==
List of nicknames used by Donald Trump
Basket of deplorables
List of United States political catchphrases
Nevertheless, she persisted
Me Too movement
Vast right wing conspiracy


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to "Nasty woman" at Wikimedia Commons
<|endoftext|>
The 1999–2000 Liga Nacional de Fútbol Femenino was the 12th season of the Spanish women's football first division. Irex Puebla won its first title.


== Competition format ==
Teams were divided into four groups of 14 teams each one. The four group winners would qualify to the Final Four for deciding the league champion.


== Group 1 ==


== Group 2 ==


== Group 3 ==


== Group 4 ==


== Final four ==
The Final Four was played on 29 April and 1 May 2000.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Bassèré is an abandoned settlement in Ziguinchor Department of the Ziguinchor Region in the Basse Casamance area of south-west Senegal, near the border with Guinea-Bissau. The population in 2002 was 98 but the residents of Bassèré have been dispersed by the Casamance Conflict


== External links ==
PEPAM
<|endoftext|>
Doorbeen is a 2014 Bengali thriller film directed by Swagato Chowdhury and produced by Saikat Mitra. The score was composed by Saikat Mitra.


== Cast ==
Rangeet as Pupul
Diptodeep as Tatai
Ahana as Bhebli
Soumitra Chatterjee as Byomkesh Bakshi
Sabyasachi Chakraborty as Feluda
Shantilal Mukherjee as Gobinda Gargori
Anjana Basu as Pupul's mother
Aparajita Auddy as Madhabi Dutta
Subrato Guha Roy
Rajat Ganguly
Pratik Chowdhury
Aritra Dutta
Pradip Chakraborty
Debranjan Nag
Arunabha Dutta
Nitya Ganguly
Tapas Biswas
Sanjib Sarkar
Ranjan Bandyopadhyay


== Critical reception ==
Madhusree Ghosh of The Times of India gave the movie 3 out of 5 stars and wrote, "Unfortunately, the director, riding high on the excitement of doing something mind-blowing, messes up that balance quite a few times. The weak and predictable plot also doesn't help things much."


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Hinckley is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Gordon B. Hinckley, fifteenth President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
John Hinckley, Jr., shot and wounded President Ronald Reagan and three others
Mike Hinckley, baseball pitcher
Robert H. Hinckley (1891–1988), founder of the Hinckley Institute of Politics
<|endoftext|>
Edward Thiele was a rear admiral in the United States Coast Guard.


== Biography ==
Thiele was born on September 4, 1905 in Washington, D.C.. He graduated from McKinley Technology High School. Thiele died in 1981.


== Career ==
Thiele was originally a member of the District of Columbia National Guard, serving with the 121st Engineer Battalion. He was honorably discharged in 1924 and entered the United States Coast Guard Academy, graduating in 1927.
Afterwards, he was assigned to the USS Cummings (DD-44), the USS Shaw (DD-68) and the USCGC Mendota (WHEC-69). From 1930 to 1933, Thiele was an instructor at the School of Instruction. Additionally, he was coach of the swimming team. Later, he served aboard the USS Hunt (DD-194).
During World War II, Thiele helped design the Wind-class icebreaker and the USCGC Mackinaw (WAGB-83). He then served as the first Executive Officer of the USCGC Westwind (WAGB-281), one of the ships he helped to design. Later, he commanded the USS General D. E. Aultman (AP-156) and the USS Wakefield (AP-21) in the Pacific Theater of Operations. Awards Thiele received for his service in the war include the American Defense Service Medal, the World War II Victory Medal, the Navy Occupation Service Medal and the Philippine Defense Medal.
Thiele's later assignment included serving in London, England and as Engineer-in-Chief of the Coast Guard. He retired from the Coast Guard in 1961.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Pandit Rajaram alias Raja Kale is an Indian vocalist, composer, and scholar of Indian classical, semi-classical, and devotional music. He is a senior disciple of Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki. He also received valuable guidance from Pt. C. P. Rele and Pt. Balasaheb Poonchwale from the Gwalior gharana. Pt. Raja Kale is known for rendering both old and new Hindustani classical music with an approach that is at once eclectic and focused on the performance.He holds a PhD (1990) with the thesis Importance of Bandish in Khayal. He has also received senior fellowship from the Department of Culture of the Government of India for the study of the subject: "Comparative study and analysis of  "Gayaki" of Legendary singers Pandit Bhimsen Joshi, Pandit Kumar Gandharva, Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki, and Pandit Jasraj. He has performed live on several notable occasions, and on broadcast media, including TV, Radio in India and KZSU Stanford 90.1 FM on Chaitime.


== Early life and background ==
Pt. Raja Kale received his initiation in music from his father Prabhakarrao Kale, and further training from Pandit Uttamrao Agnihotri. He then studied music with Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki, a veteran vocalist and a great composer of classical and semi-classical forms of Hindustani classical music.


== Awards ==
Vatsalabai Joshi Puraskar, 2007
Pandit Bhimsen Joshi Smriti Puraskar 2021


== Discography ==
Raag Sarita, HMV
Seasons, Pan Music
Bandish, Prathamesh Arts [3]
Apoorva Geete, Mala entertainment
Album on Classical Music, Alurkar Cassette Co.
Krishna, Ninad Music Co.
HM Volume 2, Colour Red Dog: Raja Kale, HMV [4]


== Notable performances ==
Tansen Samaroh, Gwalior
Sawai Gandharva Punyatithi Mahotsov, Pune
Guru Shishya Parampara concert, with Guru Jitendra Abhisheki, ICCR New Delhi


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Schladt is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Bernkastel-Wittlich district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.


== Geography ==


=== Location ===
The municipality lies in the Eifel east of the river Lieser in a stretch of countryside known as the “Schladt Switzerland” (Schladter Schweiz). The nearest major town is Wittlich, some 6 km away. Schladt belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde Wittlich-Land.


=== Neighbouring municipalities ===
Schladt's neighbours are Gipperath, Plein, Minderlittgen, Großlittgen and Karl.


== History ==
Beginning in 1794, Schladt lay under French rule. In 1814 it was assigned to the Kingdom of Prussia at the Congress of Vienna. Since 1947, it has been part of the then newly founded state of Rhineland-Palatinate.


== Politics ==


=== Municipal council ===
The council is made up of 6 council members, who were elected by majority vote at the municipal election held on 7 June 2009, and the honorary mayor as chairman.


=== Coat of arms ===
The German blazon reads: Gespalten von Gold und Silber durch eine eingebogene blaue Spitze, darin zwei gekreuzte goldene Kerzen, rechts ein roter Sparrenbalken, links eine schwarze Lilie.
The municipality's arms might in English heraldic language be described thus: Tierced in mantle, dexter Or a fess dancetty gules, sinister argent a fleur-de-lis sable, and in base azure two candles in saltire of the first, lit with fire of the third.
The crossed candles are one of Saint Blaise’s attributes and thus represent him, the church’s and the village’s longtime patron saint. The zigzag stripe (“fess dancetty”) seen on the dexter (armsbearer's right, viewer's left) side is the armorial charge once borne by the Lords of Manderscheid, who were Schladt's landholders until feudalism finally ended in the region. Before them came the Abbey of Echternach, which held Schladt until the mid 14th century, and whose armorial bearing was the black lily now seen on the sinister (armsbearer's left, viewer's right) side of the municipality's arms.


== Culture and sightseeing ==
600-year-old village oak with girth of 5.20 m
Chapel in the village centre


== Economy and infrastructure ==
To the south runs the Autobahn A 60, and to the east the A 1. In Wittlich is a railway station on the Koblenz-Trier railway line.


== References ==


== External links ==
Verbandsgemeinde of Manderscheid (in German)
<|endoftext|>
The practice of abortion—the termination of a pregnancy—has been known since ancient times. Various methods have been used to perform or attempt an abortion, including the administration of abortifacient herbs, the use of sharpened implements, the application of abdominal pressure, and other techniques.
Abortion laws and their enforcement have fluctuated through various eras. In many western countries during the 20th century abortion-rights movements were successful in having abortion bans repealed. While abortion remains legal in most of the West, this legality is regularly challenged by anti-abortion groups.


== Premodern era ==

The Vedic and smrti laws of India reflected a concern with preserving the male seed of the three upper castes; and the religious courts imposed various penances for the woman or excommunication for a priest who provided an abortion. In the epic Ramayana, there is description that the practice of abortion was being done by the surgeons or barbers in those days. The only evidence of the death penalty being mandated for abortion in the ancient laws is found in Assyrian Law, in the Code of Assura, c. 1075 BCE; and this is imposed only on a woman who procures an abortion against her husband's wishes. The first recorded evidence of induced abortion is from the Egyptian Ebers Papyrus in 1550 BCE.Many of the methods employed in early cultures were non-surgical. Physical activities such as strenuous labor, climbing, paddling, weightlifting, or diving were a common technique. Others included the use of irritant leaves, fasting, bloodletting, pouring hot water onto the abdomen, and lying on a heated coconut shell. In virtually all cultures, abortion techniques developed through observation, adaptation of obstetrical methods, and transculturation. Physical means of inducing abortion, including battery, exercise, and tightening the girdle were still often used as late as the Early Modern Period among English women.Archaeological discoveries indicate early surgical attempts at the extraction of a fetus; however, such methods are not believed to have been common, given the infrequency with which they are mentioned in ancient medical texts.An 8th-century Sanskrit text instructs women wishing to induce an abortion to sit over a pot of steam or stewed onions. The technique of massage abortion, involving the application of pressure to the pregnant abdomen, has been practiced in Southeast Asia for centuries. One of the bas reliefs decorating the temple of Angkor Wat in Cambodia, dated c. 1150, depicts a demon performing such an abortion upon a woman who has been sent to the underworld.Japanese documents show records of induced abortion from as early as the 12th century. It became much more prevalent during the Edo period, especially among the peasant class, who were hit hardest by the recurrent famines and high taxation of the age. Statues of the Boddhisattva Jizo, erected in memory of an abortion, miscarriage, stillbirth, or young childhood death, began appearing at least as early as 1710 at a temple in Yokohama (see religion and abortion).The native Māori people of New Zealand colonisation terminated pregnancies via miscarriage-inducing drugs, ceremonial methods, and girding of the abdomen with a restrictive belt. Another source claims that the Māori people did not practice abortion, for fear of Makutu, but did attempt abortion through the artificial induction of premature labor.


=== Greco-Roman world ===

Much of what is known about the methods and practice of abortion in Greek and Roman history comes from early classical texts. Abortion, as a gynecological procedure, was primarily the province of women who were either midwives or well-informed laypeople. In his Theaetetus, Plato mentions a midwife's ability to induce abortion in the early stages of pregnancy. It is thought unlikely that abortion was punished in Ancient Greece. However, a fragment attributed to the poet Lysias "suggests that abortion was a crime in Athens against the husband, if his wife was pregnant when he died, since his unborn child could have claimed the estate."The ancient Greeks relied upon the herb silphium as an abortifacient and contraceptive. The plant, as the chief export of Cyrene, was driven to extinction, but it is suggested that it might have possessed the same abortive properties as some of its closest extant relatives in the family Apiaceae. Silphium was so central to the Cyrenian economy that most of its coins were embossed with an image of the plant.Pliny the Elder (23–79 CE) cited the refined oil of common rue as a potent abortifacient. Serenus Sammonicus wrote of a concoction which consisted of rue, egg, and dill. Soranus, Dioscorides, Oribasius also detailed this application of the plant. Modern scientific studies have confirmed that rue indeed contains three abortive compounds.Birthwort, a herb used to ease childbirth, was also used to induce abortion. Galen included it in a potion formula in de Antidotis, while Dioscorides said it could be administered by mouth, or in the form of a vaginal pessary also containing pepper and myrrh.The Greek playwright Aristophanes noted the abortifacient property of pennyroyal in 421 BCE, through a humorous reference in his comedy, Peace. Hippocrates (c. 460 – c. 370 BCE), the Greek physician, would advise a prostitute who became pregnant to jump up and down, touching her buttocks with her heels at each leap, so as to induce miscarriage. Other writings attributed to him describe instruments fashioned to dilate the cervix and curette inside of the uterus.Soranus, a 2nd-century Greek physician, prescribed diuretics, emmenagogues, enemas, fasting, and bloodletting as safe abortion methods, although he advised against the use of sharp instruments to induce miscarriage, due to the risk of organ perforation. He also advised women wishing to abort their pregnancies to engage in energetic walking, carrying heavy objects, riding animals, and jumping so that the woman's heels were to touch her buttocks with each jump, which he described as the "Lacedaemonian Leap". He also offered a number of recipes for herbal baths, rubs, and pessaries. In De Materia Medica Libri Quinque, the Greek pharmacologist Dioscorides listed the ingredients of a draught called "abortion wine"– hellebore, squirting cucumber, and scammony– but failed to provide the precise manner in which it was to be prepared. Hellebore, in particular, is known to be abortifacient.Tertullian, a 2nd- and 3rd-century Christian theologian, described surgical implements which were used in a procedure similar to the modern dilation and evacuation. One tool had a "nicely adjusted flexible frame" used for dilation, an "annular blade" used to curette, and a "blunted or covered hook" used for extraction. The other was a "copper needle or spike". He attributed ownership of such items to Hippocrates, Asclepiades, Erasistratus, Herophilus, and Soranus.Aulus Cornelius Celsus, a 1st-century Roman encyclopedist, offered an extremely detailed account of a procedure to extract an already-dead fetus in his only surviving work, De Medicina. In Book 9 of Refutation of all Heresies, Hippolytus of Rome, another Christian theologian of the 3rd century, wrote of women tightly binding themselves around the middle so as to "expel what was being conceived".


=== Natural abortifacients ===

Botanical preparations reputed to be abortifacient were common in classical literature and folk medicine. Such folk remedies, however, varied in effectiveness and were not without the risk of adverse effects. Some of the herbs used at times to terminate pregnancy are poisonous.
A list of plants which cause abortion was provided in De viribus herbarum, an 11th-century herbal written in the form of a poem, the authorship of which is incorrectly attributed to Aemilius Macer. Among them were rue, Italian catnip, savory, sage, soapwort, cyperus, white and black hellebore, and pennyroyal. Physicians in the Islamic world during the medieval period documented the use of abortifacients, commenting on their effectiveness and prevalence.King's American Dispensatory of 1898 recommended a mixture of brewer's yeast and pennyroyal tea as "a safe and certain abortive". Pennyroyal has been known to cause complications when used as an abortifacient. In 1978 a pregnant woman from Colorado died after consuming 2 tablespoonfuls of pennyroyal essential oil which is known to be toxic. In 1994 a pregnant woman, unaware of an ectopic pregnancy that needed immediate medical care, drank a tea containing pennyroyal extract to induce abortion without medical help. She later died as a result of the untreated ectopic pregnancy, mistaking the symptoms for the abortifacient working.For thousands of years, tansy has been taken in early pregnancy to restore menstruation. It was first documented as an emmenagogue in St. Hildegard of Bingen's De simplicis medicinae.A variety of juniper, known as savin, was mentioned frequently in European writings. In one case in England, a rector from Essex was said to have procured it for a woman he had impregnated in 1574; in another, a man advised his pregnant girlfriend to use black hellebore and savin be boiled together and drunk in milk, or else chopped madder boiled in beer. Other substances reputed to have been used by the English include Spanish fly, opium, watercress seed, iron sulphate, and iron chloride. Another mixture, not abortifacient, but rather intended to relieve missed abortion, contained dittany, hyssop, and hot water.The root of worm fern, called "prostitute root" in French, was used in France and Germany; it was also recommended by a Greek physician in the 1st century. In German folk medicine, there was also an abortifacient tea, which included marjoram, thyme, parsley, and lavender. Other preparations of unspecified origin included crushed ants, the saliva of camels, and the tail hairs of black-tailed deer dissolved in the fat of bears.


=== Attitudes towards abortion ===
The Stoics believed the fetus to be plantlike in nature, and not an animal until the moment of birth, when it finally breathed air. They therefore found abortion morally acceptable.Aristotle wrote that, "[T]he line between lawful and unlawful abortion will be marked by the fact of having sensation and being alive." Before that point was reached, Aristotle did not regard abortion as the killing of something human. Aristotle considered the embryo to gain a human soul at 40 days if male and 90 days if female; before that, it had vegetable and animal souls.
The Oath, ascribed to Hippocrates, forbade the use of pessaries to induce abortion. Modern scholarship suggests that pessaries were banned because they were reported to cause vaginal ulcers. This specific prohibition has been interpreted by some medical scholars as prohibiting abortion in a broader sense than by pessary.One such interpretation was by Scribonius Largus, a Roman medical writer: "Hippocrates, who founded our profession, laid the foundation for our discipline by an oath in which it was proscribed not to give a pregnant woman a kind of medicine that expels the embryo or fetus." Other medical scholars disagree, believing that Hippocrates sought to discourage physicians from trying dangerous methods to abort a fetus. This may be born out by the fact that the oath originally also prohibited surgery (at the time, it was far more dangerous, and surgeons were a separate profession from physicians).Soranus acknowledges two parties among physicians: those who would not perform abortions, citing the Hippocratic Oath, and the other party, his own. Soranus recommended abortion in cases involving health complications as well as emotional immaturity, and provided detailed suggestions in his work Gynecology.Punishment for abortion in the Roman Republic was generally inflicted as a violation of the father's right to dispose of his offspring. Because of the influence of Stoicism, which did not view the fetus as a person, the Romans did not punish abortion as homicide. Although abortion was commonly accepted in Rome, around 211 CE emperors Septimius Severus and Caracalla banned abortion as infringing on parental rights; temporary exile was the punishment. Attitudes began to change with the spread of Christianity.
The 3rd-century legal compilation Pauli sententiae (attributed to Julius Paulus Prudentissimus) wrote: "Those who give an abortifacient or a love potion, and do not do this deceitfully, nevertheless, [because] this sets a bad example, the humiliores [those of a lower status, e.g., freed slaves] will be banned to a mine, and the honestiores [those of higher status, e.g., patricians] will be banned to an island after having forfeited (part of) their property, and if on account of that a woman or man perishes, then they [Pharr: the giver] will receive the death penalty." This seems to refer more to the killing of the woman who takes the abortifacient rather than to the killing of the fetus itself.
The Roman jurist Ulpian wrote in the Digest: "An unborn child is considered being born, as far as it concerns his profits." Despite this, abortion continued to be practiced "with little or no sense of shame".


==== Christianity ====

According to Biblical texts available prior to Roe v Wade, Exodus 21:22–24 describes two men fighting, during which one of the men's pregnant wife is struck. If this results solely in a miscarriage, the perpetrator is fined. However, if she dies, the perpetrator forfeits his life (as according to the law, a life for a life). Commentators such as Bruce Waltke have presented this as evidence that "God does not regard the fetus as a soul". C. Everett Koop disagreed with this interpretation.In another Biblical reference that demonstrates the Old Testament does not regard the fetus to be a soul (nefesh), Numbers 5:11-31 describes the test of the unfaithful wife. If a man is suspicious of his wife's fidelity, he would take her to the high priest. The priest would make a substance for the woman to drink made from water and "dust from the tabernacle floor". If she had been unfaithful "her abdomen will swell and her womb will miscarry, and she will become a curse." If she was innocent the drink had no effect.
The early Christian work called the Didache (before 100 CE) says: "do not murder a child by abortion or kill a new-born infant." Tertullian, a 2nd- and 3rd-century Christian theologian argued that abortion should be performed only in cases in which abnormal positioning of the fetus in the womb would endanger the life of the pregnant woman. Saint Augustine, in Enchiridion, makes passing mention of surgical procedures being performed to remove fetuses which have died in utero.Saint Augustine believed that abortion of a fetus animatus, a fetus with human limbs and shape, was murder. However, his beliefs on earlier-stage abortion were similar to Aristotle's, though he could neither deny nor affirm whether such partially formed fetuses would be resurrected as full people at the time of the Second Coming.
"Now who is there that is not rather disposed to think that unformed abortions perish, like seeds that have never fructified?"
"And therefore the following question may be very carefully inquired into and discussed by learned men, though I do not know whether it is in man's power to resolve it: At what time the infant begins to live in the womb: whether life exists in a latent form before it manifests itself in the motions of the living being. To deny that the young who are cut out limb by limb from the womb, lest if they were left there dead the mother should die too, have never been alive, seems too audacious."The Leges Henrici Primi, written c. 1115, treated pre-quickening abortion as a misdemeanor, and post-quickening abortion as carrying a lesser penalty than homicide. "Quickening", a term often used interchangeably with "ensoulment" or "animation", was associated with the first movement of the fetus in utero. This movement is generally felt by women sometime in the third to fifth month of pregnancy. Midwives who performed abortions were accused of committing witchcraft in Malleus Maleficarum (The Hammer of Witches), published in 1487 as a witch-hunting manual in Germany.Currently, the Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, Evangelical Protestant and some mainline Protestant churches oppose abortion in varying degrees, while other mainline Protestant churches favor – also in varying degrees – permitting the practice.


==== In Judaism ====

From a Jewish perspective from biblical times, abortion is considered from a social perspective more than from a theological perspective. The mother's life is considered as a priority.


== Modern era ==


=== Criminalization ===

19th-century medicine saw tremendous advances in the fields of surgery, anaesthesia, and sanitation. Social attitudes towards abortion shifted in the context of a backlash against the women's rights movement. Abortion had previously been widely practiced and legal under common law in early pregnancy (until quickening), but the English-speaking world passed laws against abortion at all stages of pregnancy.There were a number of factors that contributed to this shift in opinion about abortion in the early 19th century. In the United States, where physicians were the leading advocates of abortion criminalization laws, some of them argued that advances in medical knowledge showed that quickening was neither more nor less crucial in the process of gestation than any other step, and thus if one opposes abortion after quickening, one should oppose it before quickening as well.Practical reasons also influenced the medical field to impose anti-abortion laws. For one, abortion providers tended to be untrained and not members of medical societies. In an age where the leading doctors in the nation were attempting to standardize the medical profession, these "irregulars" were considered a nuisance to public health. The "irregulars" were also disliked by the more formalized medical profession because they were competition, and often cheap competition. Though the physicians' campaign against abortion began in the early 1800s, little change was made in the United States until after the Civil War.The English law on abortion was first codified in legislation under sections 1 and 2 of Malicious Shooting or Stabbing Act 1803. The Bill was proposed by the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, Edward Law, 1st Baron Ellenborough to clarify the law relating to abortion and was the first law to explicitly outlaw it. The Act provided that it was an offence for any person to perform or cause an abortion. The punishment for performing or attempting to perform a post quickening abortion was the death penalty (section 1) and otherwise was transportation for fourteen years (section 2). In 19th-century America, there was little regulation of abortion, in the tradition of English common law, pre quickening abortions were considered at most a misdemeanor. These cases proved difficult to prosecute as the testimony of the mother was usually the only means to determine when quickening had occurred.The law was amended in 1828 and 1837 – the latter removed the distinction between women who were quick with child (late pregnancy) and those who were not. It also eliminated the death penalty as a possible punishment. The latter half of the 19th century saw abortion become increasingly punished. One writer justified this by claiming that the number of abortions among married women had increased markedly since 1840. The Offences against the Person Act 1861 created a new preparatory offence of procuring poison or instruments with intent to procure abortion. During the 1860s however abortion services were available in New York, New Orleans, Cincinnati, Louisville, Cleveland, Chicago and Indianapolis; with estimates of one abortion for every 4 live births .Anti-abortion statutes began to appear in the United States from the 1820s. In 1821, a Connecticut law targeted apothecaries who sold poisons to women for purposes of abortion; and New York made post-quickening abortions a felony and pre-quickening abortions a misdemeanor eight years later. Criminalization accelerated from the late 1860s, through the efforts of concerned legislators, doctors, and the American Medical Association. In 1873, the Comstock Law prohibited any methods of production or publication of information pertaining to the procurement of abortion, the prevention of conception and the prevention of venereal disease, even to students of medicine. By 1909 the penalty for violating these laws became a $5000 fine and up to five years imprisonment. By 1910 nearly every state had anti-abortion laws,
but these were unevenly enforced, at best.In contrast, in France social perceptions of abortion started to change. In the first half of the 19th century, abortion was viewed as the last resort for pregnant but unwed women. But as writers began to write about abortion in terms of family planning for married women, the practice of abortion was reconceptualized as a logical solution to unwanted pregnancies resulting from ineffectual contraceptives. The formulation of abortion as a form of family planning for married women was made "thinkable" because both medical and non-medical practitioners agreed on the relative safety of the procedure.


=== Abortion methods ===

From 1870 there was a steady decline in fertility in England, linked by some commentators not to a rise in the use of artificial contraception but to more traditional methods such as withdrawal and abstinence. This was linked to changes in the perception of the relative costs of childrearing. Of course, women did find themselves with unwanted pregnancies. Abortifacients were discreetly advertised and there was a considerable body of folklore about methods of inducing miscarriages. Amongst working-class women violent purgatives were popular, pennyroyal, aloes and turpentine were all used. Other methods to induce miscarriage were very hot baths and gin, extreme exertion, a controlled fall down a flight of stairs, or veterinary medicines. So-called 'backstreet' abortionists were fairly common, although their bloody efforts could be fatal. Estimates of the number of illegal abortions performed in England varied widely: by one estimate, 100,000 women made efforts to procure a miscarriage in 1914, usually by drugs. As of 2008 in Canada only 1-2% of abortions were pharmaceutically induced. After much controversy, starting in 2017 abortion pills could be used legally in Canada.In New York, surgical abortion in 1800s carried a death rate of 30% regardless of hospital setting, and the AMA launched an anti-abortion campaign that resulted in abortion becoming the exclusive domain of doctors . A paper published in 1870 on the abortion services to be found in Syracuse, New York, concluded that the method most often practiced there during this time was to flush inside of the uterus with injected water. The article's author, Ely Van de Warkle, claimed this procedure was affordable even to a maid, as a man in town offered it for $10 on an installment plan. Other prices which 19th-century abortion providers are reported to have charged were much more steep. In Britain, it could cost from 10 to 50 guineas, or 5% of the yearly income of a lower middle class household.A rash of unexplained miscarriages in Sheffield, England were attributed to lead poisoning caused by the metal pipes which fed the city's water supply. Soon, women began using diachylon, a substance with a high concentration of lead, as an abortifacient. In 1898, a woman confessed to having used diachylon to induce a miscarriage. The use of diachylon became prevalent in the English Midlands up until World War I. Criminal investigation of an abortionist in Calgary, Alberta in 1894 revealed through chemical analysis that the concoction he had supplied to a man seeking an abortifacient contained Spanish fly.Dr. Evelyn Fisher wrote of how women living in a mining town in Wales during the 1920s used candles intended for Roman Catholic ceremonies to dilate the cervix in an effort to self-induce abortion. Similarly, the use of candles and other objects, such as glass rods, penholders, curling irons, spoons, sticks, knives, and catheters was reported during the 19th century in the United States. Women of Jewish descent in Lower East Side, Manhattan are said to have carried the ancient Indian practice of sitting over a pot of steam into the early 20th century. Some commentators maintained that abortion remained a dangerous procedure into the early 20th century, more dangerous than childbirth until about 1930. But others have said that in the 19th century early abortions under the hygienic conditions in which midwives usually worked were relatively safe.  In addition, some authors have written that, despite improved medical procedures, the period from the 1930s until legalization also saw more zealous enforcement of anti-abortion laws, and concomitantly an increasing control of abortion providers by organized crime.


=== Advertising for abortifacients and abortion services ===

Despite bans enacted on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean, access to abortion continued, as the disguised advertisement of abortion services, abortion-inducing devices, and abortifacient medicines in the Victorian era would seem to suggest. Apparent print ads of this nature were found in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada. A British Medical Journal writer who replied to newspaper ads peddling relief to women who were "temporarily indisposed" in 1868 found that over half of them were in fact promoting abortion.A few examples of surreptitiously marketed abortifacients include "Farrer's Catholic Pills", "Hardy's Woman's Friend", "Dr. Peter's French Renovating Pills", "Lydia Pinkham's Vegetable Compound", and "Madame Drunette's Lunar Pills". Patent medicines which claimed to treat "female complaints" often contained such ingredients as pennyroyal, tansy, and savin. Abortifacient products were sold under the promise of "restor[ing] female regularity" and "removing from the system every impurity". In the vernacular of such advertising, "irregularity", "obstruction", "menstrual suppression", and "delayed period" were understood to be euphemistic references to the state of pregnancy. As such, some abortifacients were marketed as menstrual regulatives.Beecham's Pills were marketed primarily as a laxative from 1842. They were invented by Thomas Beecham from St Helens, Lancashire, England. The pills were a combination of aloe, ginger, and soap, with some other more minor ingredients. The popularity of the pills produced a wide range of testimonials that were used in advertising. The poet William Topaz McGonagall wrote a poem advertising the pills, giving his recommendation in verse. Beecham's expenditure on advertising went from £22,000 to £95,000 in the 1880s. An 1897 advertisement in the Christian Herald edition for Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee said: "Worth a guinea a box. Beecham's Pills for all bilious and nervous disorders such as Sick Headache, Constipation, Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion, Disordered Liver and Female Ailments. The sale is now 6 million boxes per annum." The text was printed alongside a picture of a young woman at a beach and was captioned "What are the wild waves saying? Try Beecham's Pills."

"Old Dr. Gordon's Pearls of Health", produced by a drug company in Montreal, "cure[d] all suppressions and irregularities" if "used monthly". However, a few ads explicitly warned against the use of their product by women who were expecting, or listed miscarriage as its inevitable side effect. The copy for "Dr. Peter's French Renovating Pills" advised, "... pregnant females should not use them, as they invariably produce a miscarriage ...", and both "Dr. Monroe's French Periodical Pills" and "Dr. Melveau's Portuguese Female Pills" were "sure to produce a miscarriage". F.E. Karn, a man from Toronto, in 1901 cautioned women who thought themselves pregnant not to use the pills he advertised as "Friar's French Female Regulator" because they would "speedily restore menstrual secretions." Historian Ann Hibner Koblitz comments that "Nineteenth-century customers would have understood this 'warning' exactly as the sellers intended: as an advertisement for an abortifacient preparation."In the mid 1930s abortifacients drugs were marketed in the United States to women by various companies under various names such as Molex Pills and Cote Pills. Since birth control devices and abortifacients were illegal to market and sell at the time, they were offered to women who were "delayed". The recommended dosage constituted seven grains of ergotin a day. These pills generally contained ingredients such as ergotin, aloes, Black Hellebore. The efficacy and safety of these pills are unknown. In 1940 the FTC deemed them unsafe and ineffective and demanded that these companies cease and desist selling these product.
A well-known example of a Victorian-era abortionist was Madame Restell, or Ann Lohman, who over a forty-year period illicitly provided both surgical abortion and abortifacient pills in the northern United States. She began her business in New York during the 1830s, and, by the 1840s, had expanded to include franchises in Boston and Philadelphia. It is estimated that by 1870 her annual expenditure on advertising alone was $60,000. Because of her reputation, Restellism became a synonym for abortion.

One ad for Restell's medical services, printed in the New York Sun, promised that she could offer the "strictest confidence on complaints incidental to the female frame" and that her "experience and knowledge in the treatment of cases of female irregularity, [was] such as to require but a few days to effect a perfect cure". Another, addressed to married women, asked the question, "Is it desirable, then, for parents to increase their families, regardless of consequences to themselves, or the well-being of their offspring, when a simple, easy, healthy, and certain remedy is within our control?" Advertisements for the "Female Monthly Regulating Pills" she also sold vowed to resolve "all cases of suppression, irregularity, or stoppage of the menses, however obdurate". Madame Restell was an object of criticism in both the respectable and penny presses. She was first arrested in 1841, but, it was her final arrest by Anthony Comstock which led to her suicide on the day of her trial April 1, 1878.Such advertising aroused criticisms of quackery and immorality. The safety of many nostrums was suspect and the efficacy of others non-existent. Horace Greeley, in a New York Herald editorial written in 1871, denounced abortion and its promotion as the "infamous and unfortunately common crime– so common that it affords a lucrative support to a regular guild of professional murderers, so safe that its perpetrators advertise their calling in the newspapers". Although the paper in which Greeley wrote accepted such advertisements, others, such as the New York Tribune, refused to print them. Elizabeth Blackwell, the first woman to obtain a Doctor of Medicine in the United States, also lamented how such ads led to the contemporary synonymity of "female physician" with "abortionist".


=== Turning point in abortion legislation ===

Abortifacient advertising was highly effective in the United States, though apparently less so across the Atlantic. Contemporary estimates of mid-19th century abortion rates in the United States suggest between 20% and 25% of all pregnancies in the United States during that era ended in abortion. This era also saw a marked shift in those who were obtaining abortions. Before the start of the 19th century, most abortions were sought by unmarried women who had become pregnant out of wedlock. But, out of 54 abortion cases published in American medical journals between 1839 and 1880, over half were sought by married women, and of the married women well over 60 percent already had at least one child. In the post-Civil War era, much of the blame was placed on the burgeoning women's rights movement.Many feminists of the era were opposed to abortion. In The Revolution, operated by Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony, an anonymous contributor signing "A" wrote in 1869 about the subject, arguing that instead of merely attempting to pass a law against abortion, the root cause must also be addressed. Simply passing an anti-abortion law would, the writer stated, "be only mowing off the top of the noxious weed, while the root remains. [...] No matter what the motive, love of ease, or a desire to save from suffering the unborn innocent, the woman is awfully guilty who commits the deed. It will burden her conscience in life, it will burden her soul in death; But oh! thrice guilty is he who drove her to the desperation which impelled her to the crime." To many feminists of this era, abortion was regarded as an undesirable necessity forced upon women by thoughtless men. Even the "free love" wing of the feminist movement refused to advocate abortion and treated the practice as an example of the hideous extremes to which modern marriage was driving women. Marital rape and the seduction of unmarried women were societal ills which feminists believed caused the need to abort, as men did not respect women's right to abstinence.Socialist feminists tended to be more sympathetic to the need for abortion options for the poor, and indeed socialist feminist doctors, such as Marie Equi, Madeleine Pelletier, and William J. Robinson, themselves performed low-cost or free abortions for poor women.


=== Abortion law reform campaign ===
The movement to liberalize abortion laws emerged in the 1920s and '30s as part of rising feminist activism that had already resulted in victories in the area of birth control. Campaigners including Marie Stopes in England and Margaret Sanger in the US had succeeded in bringing the issue into the open, and birth control clinics were established which offered family planning advice and contraceptive methods to women in need.
In 1929, the Infant Life Preservation Act was passed in Britain, which amended the law (Offences against the Person Act 1861) so that an abortion carried out in good faith, for the sole purpose of preserving the life of the mother, would not be an offence.Stella Browne was a leading birth control campaigner, who increasingly began to venture into the more contentious issue of abortion in the 1930s. Browne's beliefs were heavily influenced by the work of Havelock Ellis, Edward Carpenter and other sexologists. She came to strongly believe that working women should have the choice to become pregnant and to terminate their pregnancy while they worked in the horrible circumstances surrounding a pregnant woman who was still required to do hard labour during her pregnancy. In this case she argued that doctors should give free information about birth control to women that wanted to know about it. This would give women agency over their own circumstances and allow them to decide whether they wanted to be mothers or not.In the late 1920s Browne began a speaking tour around England, providing information about her beliefs on the need for accessibility of information about birth control for women, women’s health problems, problems related to puberty and sex education and high maternal morbidity rates among other topics. These talks urged women to take matters of their sexuality and their health into their own hands. She became increasingly interested in her view of the woman’s right to terminate their pregnancies, and in 1929 she brought forward her lecture "The Right to Abortion" in front of the World Sexual Reform Congress in London. In 1931 Browne began to develop her argument for women’s right to decide to have an abortion. She again began touring, giving lectures on abortion and the negative consequences that followed if women were unable to terminate pregnancies of their own choosing such as: suicide, injury, permanent invalidism, madness and blood-poisoning.

Another prominent feminist to influence abortion law was Emily Stowe. In the 19th century she was one of the first doctors to be tried for attempting an abortion procedure in Canada.Other prominent feminists, including Frida Laski, Dora Russell, Joan Malleson and Janet Chance began to champion this cause – the cause broke dramatically into the mainstream in July 1932 when the British Medical Association council formed a committee to discuss making changes to the laws on abortion. On 17 February 1936, Janet Chance, Alice Jenkins and Joan Malleson established the Abortion Law Reform Association as the first advocacy organisation for abortion liberalization. The association promoted access to abortion in the United Kingdom and campaigned for the elimination of legal obstacles. In its first year ALRA recruited 35 members, and by 1939 had almost 400 members.The ALRA was very active between 1936 and 1939 sending speakers around the country to talk about Labour and Equal Citizenship and attempted, though most often unsuccessfully, to have letters and articles published in newspapers. They became the most popular when a member of the ALRA’s Medico-Legal Committee received the case of a fourteen-year-old girl who had been raped, and received a termination of this pregnancy from Dr. Joan Malleson, a progenitor of the ALRA. This case gained a lot of publicity, however once the war began, the case was tucked away and the cause again lost its importance to the public.
In 1938, Joan Malleson precipitated one of the most influential cases in British abortion law when she referred a pregnant fourteen-year-old rape victim to gynaecologist Aleck Bourne. He performed an abortion, then illegal, and was put on trial on charges of procuring abortion. Bourne was eventually acquitted in Rex v. Bourne as his actions were "an example of disinterested conduct in consonance with the highest traditions of the profession". This court case set a precedent that doctors could not be prosecuted for performing an abortion in cases where pregnancy would probably cause "mental and physical wreck".
Finally, the Birkett Committee, established in 1937 by the British government "to inquire into the prevalence of abortion, and the law relating thereto", recommended a change to abortion laws two years later. The intervention of World War II meant that all plans were shelved.Another prominent figure in the reform of abortion laws was Dr. Morgentaler. Although born in Poland he made a name for himself in Canada, opening multiple illegal abortion clinics in Toronto, Ontario. 


=== Liberalization of abortion law ===


==== Canada ====
Prior to 1969, abortion was considered a crime for which the maximum punishment was life imprisonment for the doctor performing the abortion and two years imprisonment for the woman receiving the abortion. Abortion remained illegal until 1988, when the Supreme Court of Canada overruled the criminal punishments for abortion. Abortion remains a hotly debated topic.


==== Russia ====
The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic was the first government to legalize abortion and make it available on request, often for no cost. The Soviet government hoped to provide access to abortion in a safe environment performed by a trained doctor instead of babki. While this campaign was extremely effective in the urban areas (as much as 75% of abortions in Moscow were performed in hospitals by 1925), it had much less effect on rural regions where there was neither access to doctors, transportation, or both and where women relied on traditional medicine. In the countryside in particular, women continued to see babki, midwives, hairdressers, nurses, and others for the procedure after abortion was legalized in the Soviet Union.From 1936 until 1955 the Soviet Union made abortion illegal (except for medically recommended cases) again, stemming largely from Joseph Stalin's worries about population growth. Stalin wanted to encourage population growth, as well as place a stronger emphasis on the importance of the family unit to communism.


==== Spain ====
During the Spanish Civil War, on 25 December 1936, in Catalonia, free abortion was legalized during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy with a decree signed by Josep Tarradellas, First Minister of the Government of Catalonia, and published on 9 January 1937 (Diari Oficial de la Generalitat de Catalunya, núm.9).


==== Great Britain ====
In Britain, the Abortion Law Reform Association continued its campaigning after the War, and this, combined with broad social changes brought the issue of abortion back into the political arena in the 1960s. President of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists John Peel chaired the committee advising the British Government on what became the 1967 Abortion Act. On the grounds of reducing the amount of disease and death associated with illegal abortion, the Abortion Act allowed for legal abortion on a number of grounds, including to prevent grave permanent injury to the woman's physical or mental health, to avoid injury to the physical or mental health of the woman or her existing child(ren) if the pregnancy was still under 28 weeks, or if the child was likely to be severely physically or mentally handicapped. The free provision of abortions was provided through the National Health Service.


==== United States ====
In America an abortion reform movement emerged in the 1960s. In 1963 The Society for Human Abortions was formed, providing women with information on how to obtain and perform abortions. In 1964 Gerri Santoro of Connecticut died trying to obtain an illegal abortion and her photo became the symbol of the pro-choice movement. Some women's rights activist groups developed their own skills to provide abortions to women who could not obtain them elsewhere. As an example, in Chicago, a group known as "Jane" operated a floating abortion clinic throughout much of the 1960s. Women seeking the procedure would call a designated number and be given instructions on how to find "Jane".In the late 1960s, a number of organizations were formed to mobilize opinion both against and for the legalization of abortion. The forerunner of the NARAL Pro-Choice America was formed in 1969 to oppose restrictions on abortion and expand access to abortion. In late 1973 NARAL became the National Abortion Rights Action League. The American Medical Association, the American Bar Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the California Medical Association, the California Bar Association, and numerous other groups announced support behind new laws that would protect doctors from criminal prosecution if they performed abortions under rigid hospital controls.   In 1967, Colorado became the first state to decriminalize a doctor performing an abortion in cases of rape, incest, or in which pregnancy would lead to permanent physical disability of the woman.
A bipartisan majority in the California legislature supported a new law introduced by Democratic state senator Anthony Beilenson, the "Therapeutic Abortion Act". Catholic clergy were strongly opposed but Catholic lay people were divided and non-Catholics strongly supported the proposal. Governor Ronald Reagan consulted with his father-in-law, a prominent surgeon who supported the law.  He also consulted with James Cardinal McIntyre, the Catholic archbishop of Los Angeles. The archbishop strongly opposed any legalization of abortion and he convinced Reagan to announce he would veto the proposed law since the draft allowed abortions in the case of birth defects. The legislature dropped that provision and Reagan signed the law, which decriminalized abortions when done to protect the health of the mother.  The expectation was that abortions would not become more numerous but would become much safer under hospital conditions.  In 1968 the first full year under the new law that were 5,018 abortions in California. The numbers grew exponentially and stabilized at about 100,000 annually by the 1970s. It was abortion-on-demand, as 99.2% of California women who applied for an abortion were granted one. One out of every three pregnancies was ended by illegal abortion.  The key factor was the sudden emergence of a woman's movement that introduced a very new idea—women had a basic right to control their bodies and could choose to have an abortion or not. Reagan by 1980 found his support among anti-abortion religious groups and said he was too new as governor to make a wise decision.In 1970, Hawaii became the first state to legalize abortions on the request of the woman, and New York repealed its 1830 law and allowed abortions up to the 24th week of pregnancy. Similar laws were soon passed in Alaska and Washington. A law in Washington, D.C., which allowed abortion to protect the life or health of the woman, was challenged in the Supreme Court in 1971 in United States v. Vuitch. The court upheld the law, deeming that "health" meant "psychological and physical well-being", essentially allowing abortion in Washington, DC. By the end of 1972, 13 states had a law similar to that of Colorado, while Mississippi allowed abortion in cases of rape or incest only and Alabama and Massachusetts allowed abortions only in cases where the woman's physical health was endangered.

The landmark judicial ruling of the Supreme Court in Roe v. Wade ruled that a Texas statute forbidding abortion except when necessary to save the life of the mother was unconstitutional. The immediate result was that all state laws to the contrary were null. The Court arrived at its decision by concluding that the issue of abortion and abortion rights falls under the right to privacy.  The Court held that a right to privacy existed and included the right to have an abortion. The court found that a mother had a right to abortion until viability, a point to be determined by the abortion doctor. After viability a woman can obtain an abortion for health reasons, which the Court defined broadly to include psychological well-being.
From the 1970s, and the spread of second-wave feminism, abortion and reproductive rights became unifying issues among various women's rights groups in Canada, the United States, the Netherlands, Britain, Norway, France, Germany, and Italy.


=== Development of contemporary abortion methods ===
Although prototypes of the modern curette are referred to in ancient texts, the instrument which is used today was initially designed in France in 1723, but was not applied specifically to a gynecological purpose until 1842. Dilation and curettage has been practiced since the late 19th century.The 20th century saw improvements in abortion technology, increasing its safety, and reducing its side-effects. Vacuum devices, first described by the Scottish obstetrician James Young Simpson in the 19th century, allowed for the development of suction-aspiration abortion. The process was improved by the Russian doctor S. G. Bykov in 1927, where the method was used during its period of liberal abortion laws from 1920 to 1936. The technology was also used in China and Japan before being introduced to Britain and the United States in the 1960s. The invention of the Karman cannula, a flexible plastic cannula which replaced earlier metal models in the 1970s, reduced the occurrence of perforation and made suction-aspiration methods possible under local anesthesia.In 1971, Lorraine Rothman and Carol Downer, founding members of the feminist self-help movement, invented the Del-Em, a safe, cheap suction device that made it possible for people with minimal training to perform early abortions called menstrual extraction. During the mid-1990s in the United States the medical community showed renewed interest in manual vacuum aspiration as a method of early surgical abortion. This resurgence is due to technological advances that permit early pregnancy detection (as soon as a week after conception) and a growing popular demand for safe, effective early abortion options, both surgical and medical. An innovator in the development of early surgical abortion services is Jerry Edwards, a physician, who developed a protocol in which women are offered an abortion using a handheld vacuum syringe as soon as a positive pregnancy test is received. This protocol also allows the early detection of an ectopic pregnancy.Intact dilation and extraction was developed by Dr. James McMahon in 1983. It resembles a procedure used in the 19th century to save a woman's life in cases of obstructed labor, in which the fetal skull was first punctured with a perforator, then crushed and extracted with a forceps-like instrument, known as a cranioclast.In 1980, researchers at Roussel Uclaf in France developed mifepristone, a chemical compound which works as an abortifacient by blocking hormone action. It was first marketed in France under the trade name Mifegyne in 1988. In July 2015 Canada approved mifepristone in combination with misoprostol (under the name Mifegymiso).


== Abortion around the world ==
At various times abortion has been banned or restricted in countries around the world. Multiple scholars have noticed that in many cases, this has caused women to seek dangerous, illegal abortions underground or inspired trips abroad for "reproductive tourism". Half of the world's current deaths due to unsafe abortions occur in Asia.But other authors have written that illegality has not always meant that abortions were unsafe. For example, in the U.S. in the 19th century early abortions under the hygienic conditions in which midwives usually worked were relatively safe.


=== China ===

In the early 1950s, the Chinese government made abortion illegal, with punishments for those who received or performed illegal abortions written into the law. These restrictions were seen as the government's way of emphasizing the importance of population growth.As the decade went on, however, the laws were relaxed with the intent of reducing the number of deaths and lifelong injuries women sustained due to illegal abortions as well as serving as a form of population control when used in conjunction with birth control. In the early 1980s, the state implemented a form of family planning which used abortion as a "back-up method"; and in 2005, there has been legislation trying to curb sex-selective abortion. As of 2009, although China had the highest number of abortions in the world, Russia had the highest rate in the world.


=== India ===

India enforced the Indian Penal Code from 1860 to 1971, criminalizing abortion and punishing both the practitioners and the women who sought out the procedure. As a result, women died in an attempt to obtain illegal abortions from unqualified midwives and "doctors". Abortion was made legal under specific circumstances in 1971, but as scholar S. Chandrasekhar notes, lower class women still find themselves at a greater risk of injury or death as a result of a botched abortion.


=== Japan ===

Japan is known today worldwide for its acceptance of abortion. It is estimated that two-thirds of Japanese women have an abortion by age forty, partially due to former government restrictions on contraceptive pills on 'public hygiene grounds'.The Eugenics Protection Law of 1948 made abortion on demand legal up to twenty-two weeks' gestation so long as the woman's health was endangered; in 1949, this law was extended to consider the risk the child's birth would place on a woman's economic welfare. Originally, each case would have to be approved by a local eugenics council, but this was removed from the law in 1952, making the decision a private one between a woman and her physician.In 1964, the creation of the conservative right-wing nationalist political lobbying group called Seicho-no-Ie brought about a strong opposition to the abortion laws. This campaign reached its peak strength in the early 1980s, but ultimately failed in 1983.


=== Romania ===

In 1957, Romania legalized abortion, but in 1966, after a decline in the national birthrate, Nicolae Ceauşescu approved Decree 770, which criminalized abortion and encouraged childbirth. As a result of this decree, women in want of abortion turned to illegal procedures that caused the deaths of over 9,000 women and left unwanted children abandoned in orphanages. Abortion remained illegal until 1989, when the decree was overturned.


=== Thailand ===
There was intense public debate throughout the 1980s and 1990s over legal abortion reform. These debates portrayed abortion as un-Buddhist and anti-religious; abortion opponents ultimately labeled it as a form of Western corruption that was inherently anti-Thai and threatened the integrity of the nation. Despite this, in 2006, abortions became legal in cases of rape or foetal impairment. Mental health also became a factor in determining the legality of an abortion procedure. The strict regulations involved in qualifying for a legal abortion, however, cause approximately 300,000 women a year to seek illegal avenues according to scholar Andrea Whittaker, with the poorest undergoing the most dangerous of procedures.


== See also ==
Susan B. Anthony abortion dispute
George Lotrell Timanus
Aleck Bourne
Henry Katz
Emily Stowe
Henry Morgentaler


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Critchlow, Donald T. (1999). Intended consequences: birth control, abortion, and the federal government in modern America. Oxford: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-504657-9. OCLC 38542669.
Critchlow, Donald T. (1996). The politics of abortion and birth control in historical perspective. University Park, Pennsylvania: Penn State University Press. ISBN 0-271-01570-5. OCLC 33132898.
Garrow, David J. (1994). Liberty and sexuality: the right to privacy and the making of Roe v. Wade. New York City: Macmillan Publishers. ISBN 0-02-542755-5. OCLC 246873646.
Hartmann, Betsy (1995). Reproductive Rights and Wrongs: The Global Politics of Population Control. South End Press. ISBN 978-0896084919.
Hull, N. E. H.; Peter Charles Hoffer (2001). Roe v. Wade: the abortion rights controversy in American history. Lawrence, Kansas: University Press of Kansas. ISBN 0-7006-1142-8. OCLC 231958828.
Lewis, Margaret Brannan. Infanticide and abortion in early modern Germany (Routledge, 2016).
Mohr, James C. (1978). Abortion in America: the origins and evolution of national policy, 1800–1900. Oxford: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-502249-1. OCLC 3016879.
Olasky, Marvin (1992). Abortion Rites: A Social History of Abortion in America. Wheaton, Illinois: Crossway Books. ISBN 0-89107-687-5.
Staggenborg, Suzanne (1991). The pro-choice movement: organization and activism in the abortion conflict. Oxford: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-506596-4. OCLC 22809649.
Rubin, Eva R. (1994). The Abortion controversy: a documentary history. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 0-313-28476-8. OCLC 28213877.
Wiesner-Hanks, Merry E. (1999). Christianity and Sexuality in the Early Modern World Regulating Desire, Reforming Practice. Hoboken: Routledge. ISBN 9780203979419.


== External links ==
 Media related to History of abortion at Wikimedia Commons
Text of the Roe v Wade decision from Findlaw
<|endoftext|>
Grabik [ˈɡrabik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaworzyce, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gaworzyce, 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Polkowice, and 97 kilometres (60 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Coussergues (Occitan: Cossèrgas) is a former commune in the Aveyron department in southern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Palmas-d'Aveyron.


== Population ==


== See also ==
Communes of the Aveyron department


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
SuperScan is a free connect-based port scanning software designed to detect open TCP and UDP ports on a target computer, determine which services are running on those ports, and run queries such as whois, ping, ICMP traceroute, and Hostname lookups.Superscan 4, which is a completely rewritten update to the other Superscan (version 3, released in 2000), features windows enumeration, which can list a variety of important information dealing with Microsoft Windows such as:

NetBIOS information
User and Group Accounts
Network shares
Trusted Domains
Services - which are either running or stoppedSuperscan is a tool used by system administrators, crackers and script kiddies to evaluate a computer's security.  System administrators can use it to test for possible unauthorised open ports on their computer networks, whereas crackers use it to scan for insecure ports in order to gain illegal access to a system.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Kelly-Anne Lyons (born March 17, 1985) is an American actress, television presenter, writer and model. Lyons' breakthrough role was as the female lead, Kelly-Anne Manhattan, in the BBC comedy Dick and Dom's Funny Business. Before this, Lyons played the title role in Chelsey: OMG!, produced by British comedy and entertainment company Channel X. She is known for her characters in hidden camera sketch shows such as ITV1’s "Fool Britannia" with Dom Joly and BBC1’s "Richard Hammond’s Secret Service", as well as MTV’s "Flash Prank", Channel 5 (UK) ’s "Secret Interview", and National Geographic’s "Ape Man".  She plays news anchor "Felicity Bond" in the BAFTA nominated BBC comedy "DNN" and "Tess" in BBC’s sitcom "Badults".


== Early life ==
Born on March 17, 1985 in New Jersey, Lyons' family moved to Winston-Salem, North Carolina when she was five. She went on to study at the North Carolina School of the Arts. Her family returned to New Jersey before she reached her teens, living in the Basking Ridge section of Bernards Township, New Jersey. Lyons studied at Ridge High School from 1999 to 2003. Lyons went on to attend Marymount Manhattan College, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology. Lyons also trained at the Weist Barron Hill Acting For Television and Film.


== Career ==
Working as a model in New York City while still an undergraduate, Lyons was scouted by an English modeling agency, whom she joined in London a week after her graduation. Lyons has modeled for Special K, The Body Shop, Fila, Fitness First, Microsoft and John Lewis & Partners.
Lyons played the eponymous Chelsey Pucks in the online situation comedy Chelsey: OMG!. The interactive Channel X show for teens, launched in October 2008, was shown on the social networking website Bebo. The show, created by comedian Nat Coombs, was broadcast in two three-minute episodes each week. By August 2009, Chelsey: OMG! had gained close to three million views.Lyons played the female lead in the children's television series Dick and Dom's Funny Business. The BBC comedy programm was broadcast on BBC Two and simulcast on the CBBC Channel. The series' first episode was shown on 8 January 2011.Since 2011, Lyons has been Celebrity Supporter for the UK charity Arthritis Care after having suffered from arthritis in her teens. She is currently in remission but plays an active role in the charity's fundraising and awareness campaigns.Lyons has played many characters across in MTV’s Flash Prank.
Lyons appeared as "Tess" in BBC Three’s sitcom Badults, created by comedy group Pappy's.
Lyons plays news anchor "Felicity Bond" in the CBBC comedy show "DNN". Her co-anchor is comedian William Andrews. The series is currently filming Series 2 after being nominated for Best Comedy at the 2013 Children's British Academy of Film and Television Arts Awards.


== References ==


== External links ==
Kelly-Anne Lyons at her agent; Dawn Sedgwick Management
Kelly-Anne Lyons at her modeling agency; MOT Models
Kelly-Anne Lyons at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
The 1981 Volta a Catalunya was the 61st edition of the Volta a Catalunya cycle race and was held from 3 September to 10 September 1981. The race started in Platja d'Aro and finished at Manresa. The race was won by Faustino Rupérez of the Zor team.


== General classification ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Trézioux is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.


== See also ==
Communes of the Puy-de-Dôme department


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Jonathan Kim (born 1984) is an American US Navy lieutenant (and former SEAL), physician, and NASA astronaut.
A born-and-raised Californian, Kim enlisted in the United States Navy in the early 2000s before earning a Silver Star and his commission.  While a US sailor, Kim also received his Bachelor of Arts (summa cum laude) in mathematics, his Doctor of Medicine, and an acceptance to NASA Astronaut Group 22 in 2017.  He completed his astronaut training in 2020 and was awaiting a flight assignment with the Artemis program as of December 2020.


== Personal life ==
Jonathan Kim was born in Los Angeles in 1984.  Kim's parents emigrated from South Korea to the United States in the early 1980s; his father scarcely completed a high-school education, the family opened a liquor store in South Los Angeles after arriving in the US, and his mother worked as a substitute elementary school teacher while raising Kim and his younger brother.  In a 2018 interview with Annals of Emergency Medicine, Kim described himself as "the epitome of that quiet kid who just lacked complete self-confidence."  In 2020, The Chosun Ilbo reported that an adolescent Kim had been the victim of domestic violence at the hands of his father; in February 2002, after threatening his family with a gun, Kim's father was shot to death in his attic by police.At Santa Monica High School, Kim received high grades in his classes, including several Advanced Placements, while participating in swimming and water polo; he graduated in 2002.  Kim received a Bachelor of Arts (summa cum laude) in mathematics from the University of San Diego in 2012, and a Doctor of Medicine from Harvard Medical School in 2016.  In 2017, Kim completed his medical internship in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women's Hospital.As of January 2020, Kim was married with three children.


== Career ==


=== US Navy ===
Kim learned about and decided to join the United States Naval Special Warfare Command at age 16, investing his remaining high-school years physically conditioning himself for the rigors of Special Warfare training.  Of this decision, Kim said, "Going into the Navy was the best decision I ever made in my life because it completely transformed that scared boy who didn't have any dreams to someone who started to believe in himself."After enlisting with the United States Navy in 2002 as a seaman recruit, Kim graduated BUD/S class 247 and was assigned to SEAL Team 3 with the rating Special Warfare Operator.  He deployed twice to the Middle East and participated in over 100 combat missions as a combat medic, sniper, navigator, and point man.  During his tenure with the SEALs, Kim served with PO2s Marc Alan Lee and Michael A. Monsoor.  Kim was accepted for commissioning in 2009; when he graduated from the University of San Diego in 2012 and left the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps, Kim entered the Medical Corps.Kim is a recipient of a Silver Star, Bronze Star Medal (with Combat "V"), the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal (with Combat "V"), and Combat Action Ribbon.  As of January 2020, he was on active duty with the Navy Reserve at the rank of lieutenant.  According to Jocko Willink, Kim's Silver Star was awarded for rescuing multiple wounded Iraqi soldiers in the face of enemy fire.


=== NASA ===

While studying at Harvard Medical School, Kim met and was inspired by astronaut–physician Scott E. Parazynski to apply for Astronaut Candidacy.  On June 7, 2017, Kim was one of twelve candidates chosen from a pool of over 18,300 applicants to join NASA Astronaut Group 22.  He reported for duty on 21 August 2017, and graduated from training on 10 January 2020.  According to NASA, Kim will work in the Astronaut Office while awaiting a flight assignment.  On 9 December 2020, NASA formally announced that Kim would join 17 other astronauts in training for a 2024 Moon landing.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Roza, David (22 January 2020). "'I made promises to the people that I lost'— How the Iraq war forged a Navy SEAL's path to Harvard Medical School and NASA". Task & Purpose. Archived from the original on 24 January 2020. Retrieved 24 January 2020.


== External links ==
 Media related to Jonny Kim at Wikimedia Commons
<|endoftext|>
Scarlett Hannah Hefner (née Byrne; born 6 October 1990) is an English actress and model. She is best known for her roles as Slytherin student Pansy Parkinson in the Harry Potter series,and as Nora Hildegard in The Vampire Diaries.


== Career ==
Byrne began her acting career in 2005 in the short film CryBaby, before portraying Chloe Daniels in an episode of the British TV drama Doctors.In 2009, Byrne got the role of Pansy Parkinson in the sixth film in the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, before reprising her role in the final two films of the series. Following the end of the Harry Potter series, she played Brittany in Lake Placid: The Final Chapter, as well as appearing in several short videos written by fellow Harry Potter actor Jessie Cave for her website Pindippy.During 2013, Byrne played the role of Sarah in the short film Lashes. Byrne became a regular cast member for the fourth season of the sci-fi show Falling Skies. She moved to Vancouver for the filming of Falling Skies. While she departs the series at the end of season 4, Byrne reprises the role in the penultimate episode of the series, "Reunion".In 2015, she joined The Vampire Diaries as witch-vampire hybrid, heretic, Nora Hildegard. Byrne was a major recurring character in the seventh season of the series and appeared in twelve episodes of the season. The character was then killed off in the sixteenth episode along with her fiancé Mary-Louise. She also had a guest appearance role in an episode of the MTV comedy series, Mary + Jane.In 2017, Byrne played the role of Lisa in the action-thriller film Skybound, alongside Gavin Stenhouse. In February 2017, Byrne posed nude for Playboy magazine.In October 2018, she joined Evanna Lynch and her partner Keo Motsepe on the trios dance in week 4 on Dancing with the Stars.In 2019, Byrne portrayed Bronwyn, a witch in Morgan le Fey’s coven in Marvel’s Runaways.


== Personal life ==
In August 2015, Byrne became engaged to Cooper Hefner. On 4 November 2019, Byrne and Hefner announced that they had married. On 10 March 2020, Scarlett announced her pregnancy via Instagram. Byrne gave birth to their daughter, Betsy Rose Hefner, in Los Angeles on 24 August 2020.


== Filmography ==


=== Film ===


=== Television ===


=== Other work ===


== References ==


== External links ==
Scarlett Byrne at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
The molecular formula C16H25NO2 may refer to:

Dendrobine
Desvenlafaxine
Emixustat
Hydroxy alpha sanshool
Pentethylcyclanone
Tramadol
<|endoftext|>
Kargalar  is a village in Zonguldak District, Zonguldak Province, Turkey.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Reggae rock is a subgenre of reggae fusion and rock music that primarily uses the genres reggae, rock and ska. The term "reggae rock" has been used to categorize bands like The Police, Sublime, Sublime with Rome, Pepper, Slightly Stoopid, The Expendables, Iration, the Dirty Heads, Rebelution, 311 and, to some extent, heavier bands such as Fishbone and Bad Brains. The term "reggae metal" has been used to describe bands that combine reggae rock with heavy metal, such as Dub War, Shinobi Ninja, Skindred, Twelve Foot Ninja and Zeroscape. Reggae rock found its rise in popularity in the 1990s in Long Beach, California, with the band Sublime. The genre has lately found a boost in popularity with the 2010 song "Lay Me Down" by the Dirty Heads featuring Rome Ramirez from Sublime with Rome, which peaked at number 1 on both the US Billboard Alternative Songs and Rock Songs charts.


== See also ==
List of reggae rock artists
Ska punk
2-tone


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Curculio iowensis is a species of true weevil in the beetle family Curculionidae. It is found in North America.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
<|endoftext|>
The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails. In mammals and most other vertebrates, two lungs are located near the backbone on either side of the heart. Their function in the respiratory system is to extract oxygen from the atmosphere and transfer it into the bloodstream, and to release carbon dioxide from the bloodstream into the atmosphere, in a process of gas exchange. Respiration is driven by different muscular systems in different species. Mammals, reptiles and birds use their different muscles to support and foster breathing. In early tetrapods, air was driven into the lungs by the pharyngeal muscles via buccal pumping, a mechanism still seen in amphibians. In humans, the main muscle of respiration that drives breathing is the diaphragm. The lungs also provide airflow that makes vocal sounds including human speech possible.
Humans have two lungs, a right lung, and a left lung.  They are situated within the thoracic cavity of the chest. The right lung is bigger than the left, which shares space in the chest with the heart. The lungs together weigh approximately 1.3 kilograms (2.9 lb), and the right is heavier. The lungs are part of the lower respiratory tract that begins at the trachea and branches into the bronchi and bronchioles, and which receive air breathed in via the conducting zone. The conducting zone ends at the terminal bronchioles. These divide into the respiratory bronchioles of the respiratory zone which divide into alveolar ducts that give rise to the alveolar sacs that contain the alveoli, where gas exchange takes place. Alveoli are also sparsely present on the walls of the respiratory bronchioles and alveolar ducts. Together, the lungs contain approximately 2,400 kilometres (1,500 mi) of airways and 300 to 500 million alveoli. Each lung is enclosed within a pleural sac that contains pleural fluid, which allows the inner and outer walls to slide over each other whilst breathing takes place, without much friction. This sac also divides each lung into sections called lobes. The right lung has three lobes and the left has two. The lobes are further divided into  bronchopulmonary segments and  pulmonary lobules. The lungs have a unique blood supply, receiving deoxygenated blood from the heart in the pulmonary circulation for the purposes of receiving oxygen and releasing carbon dioxide, and a separate supply of oxygenated blood to the tissue of the lungs, in the bronchial circulation.
The tissue of the lungs can be affected by a number of respiratory diseases, including pneumonia and lung cancer. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease includes chronic bronchitis and emphysema, and can be related to smoking or exposure to harmful substances.  A number of occupational lung diseases can be caused by substances such as coal dust, asbestos fibres, and crystalline silica dust. Diseases such as bronchitis can also affect the respiratory tract. Medical terms related to the lung often begin with pulmo-, from the Latin pulmonarius (of the lungs) as in pulmonology, or with pneumo- (from Greek πνεύμων "lung") as in pneumonia.
In embryonic development, the lungs begin to develop as an outpouching of the foregut, a tube which goes on to form the upper part of the digestive system. When the lungs are formed the fetus is held in the fluid-filled amniotic sac and so they do not function to breathe. Blood is also diverted from the lungs through the ductus arteriosus. At birth however, air begins to pass through the lungs, and the diversionary duct closes, so that the lungs can begin to respire. The lungs only fully develop in early childhood.


== Structure ==


=== Anatomy ===

The lungs are located in the chest on either side of the heart in the rib cage. They are conical in shape with a narrow rounded apex at the top, and a broad concave base that rests on the convex surface of the diaphragm. The apex of the lung extends into the root of the neck, reaching shortly above the level of the sternal end of the first rib. The lungs stretch from close to the backbone in the rib cage to the front of the chest and downwards from the lower part of the trachea to the diaphragm. The left lung shares space with the heart, and has an indentation in its border called the cardiac notch of the left lung to accommodate this. The front and outer sides of the lungs face the ribs, which make light indentations on their surfaces. The medial surfaces of the lungs face towards the centre of the chest, and lie against the heart, great vessels, and the carina where the trachea divides into the two main bronchi.  The cardiac impression is an indentation formed on the surfaces of the lungs where they rest against the heart.
Both lungs have a central recession called the  hilum at the root of the lung, where the blood vessels and airways pass into the lungs. There are also bronchopulmonary lymph nodes on the hilum.The lungs are surrounded by the pulmonary pleurae. The pleurae are two serous membranes; the outer parietal pleura lines the inner wall of the rib cage and the inner visceral pleura directly lines the surface of the lungs. Between the pleurae is a potential space called the pleural cavity containing a thin layer of lubricating pleural fluid.


==== Lobes and segments ====
Each lung is divided into lobes by the infoldings of the pleura as fissures.  The fissures are double folds of pleura that section the lungs and help in their expansion.The main or primary bronchi enter the lungs at the hilum and initially branch into secondary bronchi also known as lobar bronchi that supply air to each lobe of the lung. The lobar bronchi branch into tertiary bronchi also known as segmental bronchi and these supply air to the further divisions of the lobes known as bronchopulmonary segments. Each bronchopulmonary segment has its own (segmental) bronchus and arterial supply. Segments for the left and right lung are shown in the table. The segmental anatomy is useful clinically for localising disease processes in the lungs. A segment is a discrete unit that can be surgically removed without seriously affecting surrounding tissue.


=== Right lung ===
The right lung has both more lobes and segments than the left. It is divided into three lobes, an upper, middle, and a lower lobe by two fissures, one oblique and one horizontal. The upper, horizontal fissure, separates the upper from the middle lobe. It begins in the lower oblique fissure near the posterior border of the lung, and, running horizontally forward, cuts the anterior border on a level with the sternal end of the fourth costal cartilage; on the mediastinal surface it may be traced back to the hilum.The lower, oblique fissure, separates the lower from the middle and upper lobes and is closely aligned with the oblique fissure in the left lung.The mediastinal surface of the right lung is indented by a number of nearby structures. The heart sits in an impression called the cardiac impression. Above the hilum of the lung is an arched groove for the azygos vein, and above this is a wide groove for the superior vena cava and right brachiocephalic vein; behind this, and close to the top of the lung is a groove for the brachiocephalic artery. There is a groove for the esophagus behind the hilum and the pulmonary ligament, and near the lower part of the esophageal groove is a deeper groove for the inferior vena cava before it enters the heart.The weight of the right lung varies between individuals, with a standard reference range in men of 155–720 g (0.342–1.587 lb) and in women of 100–590 g (0.22–1.30 lb).


=== Left lung ===
The left lung is divided into two lobes, an upper and a lower lobe, by the oblique fissure, which extends from the costal to the mediastinal surface of the lung both above and below the hilum. The left lung, unlike the right, does not have a middle lobe, though it does have a homologous feature, a projection of the upper lobe termed the lingula.  Its name means "little tongue". The lingula on the left lung serves as an anatomic parallel to the middle lobe on the right lung, with both areas being predisposed to similar infections and anatomic complications. There are two bronchopulmonary segments of the lingula: superior and inferior.The mediastinal surface of the left lung has a large cardiac impression where the heart sits. This is deeper and larger than that on the right lung, at which level the heart projects to the left.On the same surface, immediately above the hilum, is a well-marked curved groove for  the aortic arch, and a groove below it for the descending aorta. The left subclavian artery, a branch off the aortic arch, sits in a groove from the arch to near the apex of the lung. A shallower groove in front of the artery and near the edge of the lung, lodges the left brachiocephalic vein. The esophagus may sit in a wider shallow impression at the base of the lung.The weight of the left lung, by standard reference range, in men is 110–675 g (0.243–1.488 lb) in women 105–515 g (0.231–1.135 lb).


=== Microanatomy ===

The lungs are part of the lower respiratory tract, and accommodate the bronchial airways when they branch from the trachea. The bronchial airways terminate in alveoli, the lung parenchyma (the tissue in between), and veins, arteries, nerves, and lymphatic vessels. The trachea and bronchi have plexuses of lymph capillaries in their mucosa and submucosa. The smaller bronchi have a single layer of lymph capillaries, and they are absent in the alveoli. The lungs are supplied with the largest lymphatic drainage system of any other organ in the body. Each lung is surrounded by a serous membrane of visceral pleura, which has an underlying layer of loose connective tissue attached to the substance of the lung.


==== Connective tissue ====
The connective tissue of the lungs is made up of elastic and collagen fibres that are interspersed between the capillaries and the alveolar walls. Elastin is the key protein of the extracellular matrix and is the main component of the elastic fibres. Elastin gives the necessary elasticity and resilience required for the persistent stretching involved in breathing, known as lung compliance. It is also responsible for the elastic recoil needed. Elastin is more concentrated in areas of high stress such as the openings of the alveoli, and alveolar junctions. The connective tissue links all the alveoli to form the lung parenchyma which has a sponge-like appearance. The alveoli have interconnecting air passages in their walls known as the pores of Kohn.


==== Respiratory epithelium ====

All of the lower respiratory tract including the trachea, bronchi, and bronchioles is lined with respiratory epithelium. This is a ciliated epithelium interspersed with goblet cells which produce mucin the main component of mucus, ciliated cells, basal cells, and in the terminal bronchioles–club cells with actions similar to basal cells, and macrophages. The epithelial cells, and the submucosal glands throughout the respiratory tract secrete airway surface liquid (ASL), the composition of which is tightly regulated and determines how well mucociliary clearance works.Pulmonary neuroendocrine cells are found throughout the respiratory epithelium including the alveolar epithelium, though they only account for around 0.5 per cent of the total epithelial population. PNECs are innervated airway epithelial cells that are particularly focused at airway junction points. These cells can produce serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine, as well as polypeptide products. Cytoplasmic processes from the pulmonary neuroendocrine cells extend into the airway lumen where they may sense the composition of inspired gas.


==== Bronchial airways ====
In the bronchi there are incomplete tracheal rings of cartilage and smaller plates of cartilage that keep them open. Bronchioles are too narrow to support cartilage and their walls are of smooth muscle, and this is largely absent in the narrower respiratory bronchioles which are mainly just of epithelium. The absence of cartilage in the terminal bronchioles gives them an alternative name of membranous bronchioles.


==== Respiratory zone ====
The conducting zone of the respiratory tract ends at the terminal bronchioles when they branch into the respiratory bronchioles. This marks the beginning of an acinus which includes the respiratory bronchioles, the alveolar ducts, alveolar sacs, and alveoli. This is also called the terminal respiratory unit. An acinus measures up to 10 mm in diameter. A primary pulmonary lobule is that part of the acinus that includes the alveolar ducts, sacs, and alveoli but does not include the respiratory bronchioles. The unit described as the secondary pulmonary lobule is the lobule most referred to as the pulmonary lobule or respiratory lobule. This lobule is a discrete unit that is the smallest component of the lung that can be seen without aid. The secondary pulmonary lobule is likely to be made up of between 30 and 50 primary lobules. The lobule is supplied by a terminal bronchiole that branches into respiratory bronchioles. The respiratory bronchioles supply the alveoli in each acinus and is accompanied by a pulmonary artery branch. Each lobule is enclosed by an interlobular septa. Each acinus is incompletely separated by an interlobular septa.The respiratory bronchiole gives rise to the alveolar ducts that lead to the alveolar sacs, which contain two or more alveoli. The walls of the alveoli are extremely thin allowing a fast rate of diffusion.  The alveoli have interconnecting small air passages in their walls known as the pores of Kohn.


==== Alveoli ====

Alveoli consist of two types of alveolar cell and an alveolar macrophage. The two types of cell are known as type I and type II cells (also known as pneumocytes). Types I and II make up the walls and alveolar septa. Type I cells provide 95% of the surface area of each alveoli and are flat ("squamous"), and Type II cells generally cluster in the corners of the alveoli and have a cuboidal shape. Despite this, cells occur in a roughly equal ratio of 1:1 or 6:4.Type I are squamous epithelial cells that make up the alveolar wall structure. They have extremely thin walls that enable an easy gas exchange. These type I cells also make up the alveolar septa which separate each alveolus. The septa consist of an epithelial lining and associated basement membranes. Type I cells are not able to divide, and consequently rely on differentiation from Type II cells.Type II are larger and they line the alveoli and produce and secrete epithelial lining fluid, and lung surfactant. Type II cells are able to divide and differentiate to Type I cells.The alveolar macrophages have an important immunological role. They remove substances which deposit in the alveoli including loose red blood cells that have been forced out from blood vessels.


=== Microbiome ===

There is a large presence of microorganisms in the lungs known as the lung microbiome or microbiota. The lung microbiome interacts with the airway epithelial cells. The microbiome is complex in healthy people, and altered in diseases such as asthma and COPD. The lung microbiome is dynamic and significant changes can take place in COPD following infection with rhinovirus. The interaction between the microbiome and the epithelial cells is of probable importance in the maintenance of stable homeostasis. Fungal genera that are commonly found in the lung microbiota, known as the lung mycobiome include Candida, Malassezia, Saccharomyces, and Aspergillus.


=== Respiratory tract ===

The lower respiratory tract is part of the respiratory system, and consists of the trachea and the structures below this including the lungs. The trachea receives air from the pharynx and travels down to a place where it splits (the carina) into a right and left bronchus. These supply air to the right and left lungs, splitting progressively into the secondary and tertiary bronchi for the lobes of the lungs, and into smaller and smaller bronchioles until they become the respiratory bronchioles. These in turn supply air through alveolar ducts into the alveoli, where the exchange of gases take place. Oxygen breathed in, diffuses through the walls of the alveoli into the enveloping capillaries and into the circulation, and carbon dioxide diffuses from the blood into the lungs to be breathed out.
Estimates of the total surface area of lungs vary from 50 to 75 square metres (540 to 810 sq ft); although this is often quoted in textbooks and the media being "the size of a tennis court", it is actually less than half the size of a singles court.The bronchi in the conducting zone are reinforced with hyaline cartilage in order to hold open the airways. The bronchioles have no cartilage and are surrounded instead by smooth muscle.  Air is warmed to 37 °C (99 °F), humidified and cleansed by the conducting zone. Particles from the air being removed by the cilia on the respiratory epithelium lining the passageways, in a process called mucociliary clearance.
Pulmonary stretch receptors in the smooth muscle of the airways initiate a reflex known as the Hering–Breuer reflex that prevents the lungs from over-inflation, during forceful inspiration.


=== Blood supply ===

The lungs have a dual blood supply provided by a bronchial and a pulmonary circulation. The bronchial circulation supplies oxygenated blood to the airways of the lungs, through the bronchial arteries that leave the aorta.  There are usually three arteries, two to the left lung and one to the right, and they branch alongside the bronchi and bronchioles. The pulmonary circulation carries deoxygenated blood from the heart to the lungs and returns the oxygenated blood to the heart to supply the rest of the body.The blood volume of the lungs is about 450 millilitres on average, about 9% of the total blood volume of the entire circulatory system. This quantity can easily fluctuate from between one-half and twice the normal volume.  Also, in the event of blood loss through hemorrhage, blood from the lungs can partially compensate by automatically transferring to the systemic circulation.


=== Nerve supply ===
The lungs are supplied by nerves of the autonomic nervous system. Input from the parasympathetic nervous system occurs via the vagus nerve. When stimulated by acetylcholine, this causes constriction of the smooth muscle lining the bronchus and bronchioles, and increases the secretions from glands. The lungs also have a sympathetic tone from norepinephrine acting on the beta 2 adrenoceptors in the respiratory tract, which causes bronchodilation.The action of breathing takes place because of nerve signals sent by the respiratory center in the brainstem, along the phrenic nerve from the cervical plexus to the diaphragm.


=== Variation ===
The lobes of the lung are subject to anatomical variations. A horizontal interlobar fissure was found to be incomplete in 25% of right lungs, or even absent in 11% of all cases. An accessory fissure was also found in 14% and 22% of left and right lungs, respectively. An oblique fissure was found to be incomplete in 21% to 47% of left lungs. In some cases a fissure is absent, or extra, resulting in a right lung with only two lobes, or a left lung with three lobes.A variation in the airway branching structure has been found specifically in the central airway
branching. This variation is associated with the development of COPD in adulthood.


== Development ==
The development of the human lungs arise from the laryngotracheal groove and develop to maturity over several weeks in the foetus and for several years following birth.The larynx, trachea, bronchi and lungs that make up the respiratory tract, begin to form during the fourth week of embryogenesis from the lung bud which appears ventrally to the caudal portion of the foregut.

The respiratory tract has a branching structure, and is also known as the respiratory tree. In the embryo this structure is developed in the process of branching morphogenesis, and is generated by the repeated splitting of the tip of the branch. In the development of the lungs (as in some other organs) the epithelium forms branching tubes.The lung has a left-right symmetry and each bud known as a bronchial bud grows out as a tubular epithelium that becomes a bronchus. Each bronchus branches into bronchioles. The branching is a result of the tip of each tube bifurcating. The branching process forms the bronchi, bronchioles, and ultimately the alveoli. The four genes mostly associated with branching morphogenesis in the lung are the intercellular signalling protein – sonic hedgehog (SHH), fibroblast growth factors FGF10 and FGFR2b, and bone morphogenetic protein BMP4. FGF10 is seen to have the most prominent role. FGF10 is a paracrine signalling molecule needed for epithelial branching, and SHH inhibits FGF10. The development of the alveoli is influenced by a different mechanism whereby continued bifurcation is stopped and the distal tips become dilated to form the alveoli.
At the end of the fourth week the lung bud divides into two, the right and left primary bronchial buds on each side of the trachea. During the fifth week the right bud branches into three secondary bronchial buds and the left branches into two secondary bronchial buds. These give rise to the lobes of the lungs, three on the right and two on the left. Over the following week, the secondary buds branch into tertiary buds, about ten on each side. From the sixth week to the sixteenth week, the major elements of the lungs appear except the alveoli. From week 16 to week 26, the bronchi enlarge and lung tissue becomes highly vascularised. Bronchioles and alveolar ducts also develop. By week 26 the terminal bronchioles have formed which branch into two respiratory bronchioles. During the period covering the 26th week until birth the important blood–air barrier is established. Specialised type I alveolar cells where gas exchange will take place, together with the type II alveolar cells that secrete pulmonary surfactant, appear. The surfactant reduces the surface tension at the air-alveolar surface which allows expansion of the alveolar sacs. The alveolar sacs contain the primitive alveoli that form at the end of the alveolar ducts,
and their appearance around the seventh month marks the point at which limited respiration would be possible, and the premature baby could survive.


=== Vitamin A deficiency ===

The developing lung is particularly vulnerable to changes in the levels of vitamin A. Vitamin A deficiency has been linked to changes in the epithelial lining of the lung and in the lung parenchyma. This can disrupt the normal physiology of the lung and predispose to respiratory diseases. Severe nutritional deficiency in vitamin A results in a reduction in the formation of the alveolar walls (septa) and to notable changes in the respiratory epithelium; alterations are noted in the extracellular matrix and in the protein content of the basement membrane. The extracellular matrix maintains lung elasticity; the basement membrane is associated with alveolar epithelium and is important in the blood-air barrier. The deficiency is associated with functional defects and disease states. Vitamin A is crucial in the development of the alveoli which continues for several years after birth.


=== After birth ===
At birth, the baby's lungs are filled with fluid secreted by the lungs and are not inflated. After birth the infant's central nervous system reacts to the sudden change in temperature and environment. This triggers the first breath, within about 10 seconds after delivery. Before birth, the lungs are filled with fetal lung fluid.      After the first breath, the fluid is quickly absorbed into the body or exhaled. The resistance in the lung's blood vessels decreases giving an increased surface area for gas exchange, and the lungs begin to breathe spontaneously. This accompanies other changes which result in an increased amount of blood entering the lung tissues.At birth the lungs are very undeveloped with only around one sixth of the alveoli of the adult lung present. The alveoli continue to form into early adulthood, and their ability to form when necessary is seen in the regeneration of the lung. Alveolar septa have a double capillary network instead of the single network of the developed lung. Only after the maturation of the capillary network can the lung enter a normal phase of growth. Following the early growth in numbers of alveoli there is another stage of the alveoli being enlarged.


== Function ==


=== Gas exchange ===
The major function of the lungs is gas exchange between the lungs and the blood. The alveolar and pulmonary capillary gases equilibrate across the thin blood–air barrier. This thin membrane (about 0.5 –2 μm thick) is folded into about 300 million alveoli, providing an extremely large surface area (estimates varying between 70 and 145 m2) for gas exchange to occur.

The lungs are not capable of expanding to breathe on their own, and will only do so when there is an increase in the volume of the thoracic cavity. This is achieved by the muscles of respiration, through the contraction of the diaphragm, and the intercostal muscles which pull the rib cage upwards as shown in the diagram. During breathing out the muscles relax, returning the lungs to their resting position. At this point the lungs contain the functional residual capacity (FRC) of air, which, in the adult human, has a volume of about 2.5–3.0 litres.During heavy breathing as in exertion, a large number of accessory muscles in the neck and abdomen are recruited, that during exhalation pull the ribcage down, decreasing the volume of the thoracic cavity. The FRC is now decreased, but since the lungs cannot be emptied completely there is still about a litre of residual air left. Lung function testing is carried out to evaluate lung volumes and capacities.


=== Protection ===
The lungs possess several characteristics which protect against infection. The respiratory tract is lined by respiratory epithelium or respiratory mucosa, with hair-like projections called cilia that beat rhythmically and carry mucus. This mucociliary clearance is an important defence system against air-borne infection. The dust particles and bacteria in the inhaled air are caught in the mucosal surface of the airways, and are moved up towards the pharynx by the rhythmic upward beating action of the cilia. The lining of the lung also secretes immunoglobulin A which protects against respiratory infections; goblet cells secrete mucus which also contains several antimicrobial compounds such as defensins, antiproteases, and antioxidants. A rare type of specialised cell called a pulmonary ionocyte that is suggested may regulate mucus viscosity has been described. In addition, the lining of the lung also contains macrophages, immune cells which engulf and destroy debris and microbes that enter the lung in a process known as phagocytosis; and dendritic cells which present antigens to activate components of the adaptive immune system such as T-cells and B-cells.The size of the respiratory tract and the flow of air also protect the lungs from larger particles. Smaller particles deposit in the mouth and behind the mouth in the oropharynx, and larger particles are trapped in nasal hair after inhalation.


=== Other ===
In addition to their function in respiration, the lungs have a number of other functions. They are involved in maintaining homeostasis, helping in the regulation of blood pressure as part of the renin–angiotensin system. The inner lining of the blood vessels secretes angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) an enzyme that catalyses the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. The lungs are involved in the blood's acid–base homeostasis by expelling carbon dioxide when breathing.The lungs also serve a protective role. Several blood-borne substances, such as a few types of prostaglandins, leukotrienes, serotonin and bradykinin, are excreted through the lungs. Drugs and other substances can be absorbed, modified or excreted in the lungs. The lungs filter out small blood clots from veins and prevent them from entering arteries and causing strokes.The lungs also play a pivotal role in speech by providing air and airflow for the creation of vocal sounds, and other paralanguage communications such as sighs and gasps.
New research suggests a role of the lungs in the production of blood platelets.


== Gene and protein expression ==

About 20,000 protein coding genes are expressed in human cells and almost 75% of these genes are expressed in the normal lung. A little less than 200 of these genes are more specifically expressed in the lung with less than 20 genes being highly lung specific. The highest expression of lung specific proteins are different surfactant proteins, such as SFTPA1, SFTPB and SFTPC, and napsin, expressed in type II pneumocytes. Other proteins with elevated expression in the lung are the dynein protein DNAH5 in ciliated cells, and the secreted SCGB1A1 protein in mucus-secreting  goblet cells of the airway mucosa.


== Clinical significance ==

Lungs can be affected by a variety of diseases. Pulmonology is the medical speciality that deals with diseases involving the respiratory tract, and cardiothoracic surgery is the surgical field that deals with surgery of the lungs.


=== Inflammation and infection ===
Inflammatory conditions of the lung tissue are pneumonia, of the respiratory tract are bronchitis and bronchiolitis, and of the pleurae surrounding the lungs pleurisy. Inflammation is usually caused by infections due to bacteria or viruses. When the lung tissue is inflamed due to other causes it is called pneumonitis. One major cause of bacterial pneumonia is tuberculosis. Chronic infections often occur in those with immunodeficiency and can include a fungal infection by Aspergillus fumigatus that can lead to an aspergilloma forming in the lung.


=== Blood-supply changes ===

A pulmonary embolism is a blood clot that becomes lodged in the pulmonary arteries. The majority of emboli arise because of deep vein thrombosis in the legs. Pulmonary emboli may be investigated using a ventilation/perfusion scan, a CT scan of the arteries of the lung, or blood tests such as the D-dimer. Pulmonary hypertension describes an increased pressure at the beginning of the pulmonary artery that has a large number of differing causes. Other rarer conditions may also affect the blood supply of the lung, such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis, which causes inflammation of the small blood vessels of the lungs and kidneys.A lung contusion is a bruise caused by chest trauma. It results in hemorrhage of the alveoli causing a build-up of fluid which can impair breathing, and this can be either mild or severe.
The function of the lungs can also be affected by compression from fluid in the pleural cavity pleural effusion, or other substances such as air (pneumothorax), blood (hemothorax), or rarer causes. These may be investigated using a chest X-ray or CT scan, and may require the insertion of a surgical drain until the underlying cause is identified and treated.


=== Obstructive lung diseases ===

Asthma, chronic bronchitis, bronchiectasis and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are all obstructive lung diseases characterised by airway obstruction. This limits the amount of air that is able to enter alveoli because of constriction of the bronchial tree, due to inflammation. Obstructive lung diseases are often identified because of symptoms and diagnosed with pulmonary function tests such as spirometry. Many obstructive lung diseases are managed by avoiding triggers (such as dust mites or smoking), with symptom control such as bronchodilators, and with suppression of inflammation (such as through corticosteroids) in severe cases. A common cause of chronic bronchitis, and emphysema, is smoking; and common causes of bronchiectasis include severe infections and cystic fibrosis. The definitive cause of asthma is not yet known.The breakdown of alveolar tissue, often as a result of tobacco-smoking leads to emphysema, which can become severe enough to develop into COPD. Elastase breaks down the elastin in the lung's connective tissue that can also result in emphysema. Elastase is inhibited by the acute-phase protein, alpha-1 antitrypsin, and when there is a deficiency in this, emphysema can develop. With persistent stress from smoking, the airway basal cells become disarranged and lose their regenerative ability needed to repair the epithelial barrier. The disorganised basal cells are seen to be responsible for the major airway changes that are characteristic of COPD, and with continued stress can undergo a malignant transformation. Studies have shown that the initial development of emphysema is centred on the early changes in the airway epithelium of the small airways. Basal cells become further deranged in a smoker's transition to clinically defined COPD.


=== Restrictive lung diseases ===
Some types of chronic lung diseases are classified as restrictive lung disease, because of a restriction in the amount of lung tissue involved in respiration. These include pulmonary fibrosis which can occur when the lung is inflamed for a long period of time. Fibrosis in the lung replaces functioning lung tissue with fibrous connective tissue. This can be due to a large variety of occupational lung diseases such as Coalworker's pneumoconiosis, autoimmune diseases or more rarely to a reaction to medication. Severe respiratory disorders, where spontaneous breathing is not enough to maintain life, may need the use of mechanical ventilation to ensure an adequate supply of air.


=== Cancers ===
Lung cancer can either arise directly from lung tissue or as a result of metastasis from another part of the body. There are two main types of primary tumour described as either small-cell or non-small-cell lung carcinomas. The major risk factor for cancer is smoking. Once a cancer is identified it is staged using scans such as a CT scan and a sample of tissue (a biopsy) is taken. Cancers may be treated by surgically removing the tumour, radiotherapy, chemotherapy or combinations thereof, or with the aim of symptom control. Lung cancer screening is being recommended in the United States for high-risk populations.


=== Congenital disorders ===
Congenital disorders include cystic fibrosis, pulmonary hypoplasia (an incomplete development of the lungs)congenital diaphragmatic hernia, and infant respiratory distress syndrome caused by a deficiency in lung surfactant. An azygos lobe is a congenital anatomical variation which though usually without effect can cause problems in thoracoscopic procedures.


=== Others ===
A pneumothorax (collapsed lung) is an abnormal collection of air in the pleural space that causes an uncoupling of the lung from the chest wall. The lung cannot expand against the air pressure inside the pleural space. An easy to understand example is a traumatic pneumothorax, where air enters the pleural space from outside the body, as occurs with puncture to the chest wall. Similarly, scuba divers ascending while holding their breath with their lungs fully inflated can cause air sacs (alveoli) to burst and leak high pressure air into the pleural space.


=== Lung examination ===

As part of a physical examination in response to respiratory symptoms of shortness of breath, and cough, a lung examination may be carried out. This exam includes palpation and auscultation. The areas of the lungs that can be listened to using a stethoscope are called the lung fields, and these are the posterior, lateral, and anterior lung fields. The posterior fields can be listened to from the back and include: the lower lobes (taking up three quarters of the posterior fields); the anterior fields taking up the other quarter; and the lateral fields under the axillae, the left axilla for the lingual, the right axilla for the middle right lobe. The anterior fields can also be auscultated from the front. Abnormal breathing sounds heard during a lung exam can indicate the presence of a lung condition; wheezing for example is commonly associated with asthma and COPD.


=== Lung function testing ===

Lung function testing is carried out by evaluating a person's capacity to inhale and exhale in different circumstances. The volume of air inhaled and exhaled by a person at rest is the tidal volume (normally 500-750mL); the inspiratory reserve volume and expiratory reserve volume are the additional amounts a person is able to forcibly inhale and exhale respectively. The summed total of forced inspiration and expiration is a person's vital capacity. Not all air is expelled from the lungs even after a forced breath out; the remainder of the air is called the residual volume. Together these terms are referred to as lung volumes.Pulmonary plethysmographs are used to measure functional residual capacity. Functional residual capacity cannot be measured by tests that rely on breathing out, as a person is only able to breathe a maximum of 80% of their total functional capacity. The total lung capacity depends on the person's age, height, weight, and sex, and normally ranges between 4 and 6 litres. Females tend to have a 20–25% lower capacity than males. Tall people tend to have a larger total lung capacity than shorter people. Smokers have a lower capacity than nonsmokers. Thinner persons tend to have a larger capacity. Lung capacity can be increased by physical training as much as 40% but the effect may be modified by exposure to air pollution.Other lung function tests include spirometry, measuring the amount (volume) and flow of air that can be inhaled and exhaled. The maximum volume of breath that can be exhaled is called the vital capacity. In particular, how much a person is able to exhale in one second (called forced expiratory volume (FEV1)) as a proportion of how much they are able to exhale in total (FEV). This ratio, the FEV1/FEV ratio, is important to distinguish whether a lung disease is restrictive or obstructive. Another test is that of the lung's  diffusing capacity – this is a measure of the transfer of gas from air to the blood in the lung capillaries.


== Other animals ==


=== Birds ===

 
The lungs of birds are relatively small, but are connected to 8 or 9 air sacs that extend through much of the body, and are in turn connected to air spaces within the bones. On inhalation, air travels through the trachea of a bird into the air sacs. Air then travels continuously from the air sacs at the back, through the lungs, which are relatively fixed in size, to the air sacs at the front. From here, the air is exhaled. These fixed size lungs are called "circulatory lungs", as distinct from the "bellows-type lungs" found in most other animals.The lungs of birds contain millions of tiny parallel passages called parabronchi. Small sacs called atria radiate from the walls of the tiny passages; these, like the alveoli in other lungs, are the site of gas exchange by simple diffusion. The blood flow around the parabronchi and their atria forms a cross-current process of gas exchange (see diagram on the right).The air sacs, which hold air, do not contribute much to gas exchange, despite being thin-walled, as they are poorly vascularised. The air sacs expand and contract due to changes in the volume in the thorax and abdomen. This volume change is caused by the movement of the sternum and ribs and this movement is often synchronised with movement of the flight muscles.Parabronchi in which the air flow is unidirectional are called paleopulmonic parabronchi and are found in all birds. Some birds, however, have, in addition, a lung structure where the air flow in the parabronchi is bidirectional. These are termed neopulmonic parabronchi.


=== Reptiles ===

The lungs of most reptiles have a single bronchus running down the centre, from which numerous branches reach out to individual pockets throughout the lungs. These pockets are similar to alveoli in mammals, but much larger and fewer in number. These give the lung a sponge-like texture. In tuataras, snakes, and some lizards, the lungs are simpler in structure, similar to that of typical amphibians.Snakes and limbless lizards typically possess only the right lung as a major respiratory organ; the left lung is greatly reduced, or even absent. Amphisbaenians, however, have the opposite arrangement, with a major left lung, and a reduced or absent right lung.Both crocodilians and monitor lizards have developed lungs similar to those of birds, providing a unidirectional airflow and even possessing air sacs. The now extinct pterosaurs have seemingly even further refined this type of lung, extending the airsacs into the wing membranes and, in the case of lonchodectids, tupuxuara, and azhdarchoids, the hindlimbs.Reptilian lungs typically receive air via expansion and contraction of the ribs driven by axial muscles and buccal pumping. Crocodilians also rely on the hepatic piston method, in which the liver is pulled back by a muscle anchored to the pubic bone (part of the pelvis) called the diaphragmaticus, which in turn creates negative pressure in the crocodile's thoracic cavity, allowing air to be moved into the lungs by Boyle's law. Turtles, which are unable to move their ribs, instead use their forelimbs and pectoral girdle to force air in and out of the lungs.


=== Amphibians ===

The lungs of most frogs and other amphibians are simple and balloon-like, with gas exchange limited to the outer surface of the lung. This is not very efficient, but amphibians have low metabolic demands and can also quickly dispose of carbon dioxide by diffusion across their skin in water, and supplement their oxygen supply by the same method. Amphibians employ a positive pressure system to get air to their lungs, forcing air down into the lungs by buccal pumping. This is distinct from most higher vertebrates, who use a breathing system driven by negative pressure where the lungs are inflated by expanding the rib cage. In buccal pumping, the floor of the mouth is lowered, filling the mouth cavity with air. The throat muscles then presses the throat against the underside of the skull, forcing the air into the lungs.Due to the possibility of respiration across the skin combined with small size, all known lungless tetrapods are amphibians. The majority of salamander species are lungless salamanders, which respirate through their skin and tissues lining their mouth. This necessarily restricts their size: all are small and rather thread-like in appearance, maximising skin surface relative to body volume. Other known lungless tetrapods are the Bornean flat-headed frog and Atretochoana eiselti, a caecilian.The lungs of amphibians typically have a few narrow internal walls (septa) of soft tissue around the outer walls, increasing the respiratory surface area and giving the lung a honey-comb appearance. In some salamanders even these are lacking, and the lung has a smooth wall. In caecilians, as in snakes, only the right lung attains any size or development.


=== Lungfish ===
The lungs of lungfish are similar to those of amphibians, with few, if any, internal septa. In the Australian lungfish, there is only a single lung, albeit divided into two lobes. Other lungfish and Polypterus, however, have two lungs, which are located in the upper part of the body, with the connecting duct curving around and above the esophagus. The blood supply also twists around the esophagus, suggesting that the lungs originally evolved in the ventral part of the body, as in other vertebrates.


=== Invertebrates ===

Some invertebrates have lung-like structures that serve a similar respiratory purpose as, but are not evolutionarily related to, vertebrate lungs. Some arachnids, such as spiders and scorpions, have structures called book lungs used for atmospheric gas exchange. Some species of spider have four pairs of book lungs but most have two pairs. Scorpions have spiracles on their body for the entrance of air to the book lungs.The coconut crab is terrestrial and uses structures called branchiostegal lungs to breathe air. They cannot swim and would drown in water, yet they possess a rudimentary set of gills. They can breathe on land and hold their breath underwater. The branchiostegal lungs are seen as a developmental adaptive stage from water-living to enable land-living, or from fish to amphibian.Pulmonates are mostly land snails and slugs that have developed a simple lung from the mantle cavity. An externally located opening called the pneumostome allows air to be taken into the mantle cavity lung.


== Evolutionary origins ==
The lungs of today's terrestrial vertebrates and the gas bladders of today's fish are believed to have evolved from simple sacs, as outpocketings of the esophagus, that allowed early fish to gulp air under oxygen-poor conditions. These outpocketings first arose in the  bony fish. In most of the ray-finned fish the sacs evolved into closed off gas bladders, while a number of carp, trout, herring, catfish, and eels have retained the physostome condition with the sac being open to the esophagus. In more basal bony fish, such as the gar, bichir, bowfin and the lobe-finned fish, the bladders have evolved to primarily function as lungs. The lobe-finned fish gave rise to the land-based tetrapods. Thus, the lungs of vertebrates are homologous to the gas bladders of fish (but not to their gills).


== See also ==


== References ==


== Further reading ==


== External links ==
Lung at the Human Protein Atlas
<|endoftext|>
Mexicana Flight 940, operated by Mexicana Airlines (Compañía Mexicana de Aviación), was a scheduled international flight from Mexico City–Puerto Vallarta–Mazatlán–Los Angeles on March 31, 1986, utilizing a Boeing 727-200 registered as XA-MEM, when the plane crashed into El Carbón, a mountain in the rugged Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range northwest of Mexico City, killing everyone on board.  With 167 deaths, the crash of Flight 940 is the deadliest aviation disaster ever to occur on Mexican soil, and the deadliest involving a Boeing 727.


== Background ==
The aircraft involved was delivered to Mexicana in 1981 and was named "Veracruz". The plane was piloted by Captain Carlos Guadarrama Sistos, an experienced Mexican captain with over 15,000 hours of flying experience. The first officer was Philip L. Piaget Rhorer, and the flight engineer was Ángel Carlos Peñasco Espinoza. The crew of eight included five flight attendants. The wife of the captain, who was a retired flight attendant, and the captain's son and daughter were also among the 159 passengers on board. At 08:50 local time, the plane took off from Benito Juárez International Airport en route to Los Angeles International Airport with scheduled stopovers in Puerto Vallarta and Mazatlán. The plane carried 147 passengers (139 passengers and 8 crew members) from Mexico, 8 from France, 6 from the United States, 4 from Sweden, and 2 from Canada.


== Crash ==
At 09:05, fifteen minutes after takeoff, an explosion rocked the fuselage. Captain Guadarrama and the crew in the cockpit, realizing that the plane was shaking too much, declared an emergency and asked to return to Benito Juárez International Airport for an emergency landing. The airport was prepared for the landing. However, the aircraft crashed into El Carbón mountain near the town of Maravatío, Michoacán, broke in two and burst into flames. All 167 passengers and crew were killed upon impact. Among the dead were two film scouts for the horror film Predator. Eyewitnesses reported details of the crash to authorities. The local police and the Mexican army were dispatched to the crash site.


== Investigation ==
Initially, two Middle Eastern terrorist groups claimed responsibility for this crash, along with the bombing of TWA Flight 840, which occurred just two days later. An anonymous letter signed by those groups claimed that a suicide mission had sabotaged the plane in retaliation against the United States. However, sabotage was later dismissed as a cause of the crash. The investigations were carried out by the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board and Mexican aeronautical authorities, who found that the cause of the accident was that the center landing gear tire was filled with compressed air, instead of nitrogen. In addition, the tire had some marks of overheating. The investigators later found that the overheating was caused by a malfunctioning brake on the landing gear.


== Aftermath ==
Mexicana maintenance personnel were blamed for negligence in maintaining the 727 and for filling the tire with compressed air, instead of nitrogen. About a year after the crash, the U.S. FAA released an Airworthiness Directive  requiring the use of dry nitrogen (or other gases shown to be inert) when filling the tires on braked wheels of most commercial airliners. The crash remains the deadliest airline disaster in Mexican history and is the world's deadliest air disaster involving the Boeing 727. The cause of the in-flight fire is believed to be the rupture of fuel lines by the exploding tire.


== See also ==

Nigeria Airways Flight 2120 - A similar crash where under-inflated tyres overheated and started a fire onboard which destroyed vital hydraulic and control cables leading to a loss of control
Air France Flight 4590 -  A 2000 Concorde crash caused by an inflight fire triggered by tire burst on takeoff
Swissair Flight 306 - A 1963 crash caused by an inflight fire triggered by a landing gear failure on takeoff
ValuJet Flight 592 - A 1996 crash caused by an inflight fire in the cargo hold


== References ==


== External links ==
Airdisaster.com
Planecrashinfo.com
<|endoftext|>
The Goblin Emperor is a 2014 fantasy novel written by the American author Sarah Monette under the pseudonym Katherine Addison. The novel received the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel and was nominated for the Nebula,  Hugo and World Fantasy Awards. It was well-received by critics, who noted the strength of the protagonist's characterization and, unusual for fantasy, the work's warm and understated tone.
The book tells the story of Maia, a young man of mixed Elven and Goblin heritage, who unexpectedly becomes Emperor of the Elflands, and has to contend with the court's byzantine power structure as well as racial and social tension in his realm.


== Synopsis ==
Maia, youngest and least-favored son of the Emperor of the Elflands and of mixed Elven and Goblin heritage, unexpectedly ascends to the throne after his father and half-brothers are killed in an airship crash. Having been brought up entirely in exile from the court, living with an abusive cousin, the court is alien to him and his lack of social polish and connections make it difficult to take up his new responsibilities.
In the course of the first few months of his reign, Maia agrees to marry the noblewoman Csethiro; is seized by a crush on the opera singer Vechin; is visited by his maternal grandfather, the ruler of the Goblins; and slowly comes to terms with the loss of privacy that comes with being accompanied by bodyguards and retainers at all times. He survives an attempted coup by his half-brother's widow and his lord chancellor because his young nephew Idra refuses to usurp the throne, and his investigation into the death of his father uncovers a conspiracy by disaffected noblemen that had been using a group of worker revolutionaries to kill the previous Emperor.
The end of the novel sees Maia survive an assassination attempt by the conspiracy's ringleader, and push through a controversial project to bridge the realm's principal river. An epithet accorded to him by a courtier, "the bridgebuilder", represents his efforts to connect emotionally with the people surrounding him slowly coming to fruition.


== Reception ==


=== Critical reception ===
The Goblin Emperor received positive reviews. At io9, Michael Ann Dobbs appreciated that the strong characterization made the novel "remarkably compelling and fascinating" despite consisting almost exclusively of court intrigue and not having the protagonist really do anything: the novel, according to Dobbs, "mostly eschews plot-heavy histrionics in favor of warmth, psychological depth, and hope". Liz Bourke, writing an enthusiastic review for Tor.com, noted the "compelling attractiveness of Maia’s character" as a fundamentally decent person, as well as the author's detailed worldbuilding.In Strange Horizons, Foz Meadows wrote that in addition to the novel's "elegant prose, intricate worldbuilding, compelling politics and (...) poignantly sympathetic protagonist", its appeal was as much thematic as structural in that it successfully joined the trappings of high fantasy to those of steampunk. She also appreciated the novel's handling "issues of race, class, gender, and sexuality in subtle but important ways", and noted that, as "a novel about abuse and power", it did not personify either as a "cackling overlord" but as institutionalized, internalized practices of entitlement, pride, and callousness, while ending not in triumph but with a muted, steady sense of progress, trust and healing.Writing for Pornokitsch, Jared Shurin felt that the novel should not be classified as "grimdark" because the protagonist Maia Drazhar more closely fits a high fantasy style in which characters are driven by destiny, rather than a "fantasy Protestantism" in which they choose between good and evil. Addison herself says that her protagonist turned the story "in a defiantly non-grimdark direction".   Shurin was disappointed that the "subtle, characterful and deeply emotive" novel was packaged in alienating genre clichés, including an excess of invented language, a "heavy-handed morality", and a "too-perfect protagonist". In a starred review, Kirkus Reviews recommended the novel unreservedly as a "spellbinding and genuinely affecting drama", noting its "powerful character studies". Publishers Weekly described the work as "less a novel than a series of anecdotes", but considered that it was "carried by the strength of atmosphere and Maia’s resonant good-heartedness".


=== Awards ===
The Goblin Emperor received the 2015 Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel. It was nominated for the 2014 Nebula Award for Best Novel, the 2015 Hugo Award for Best Novel and the 2015 World Fantasy Award for Best Novel.


== Sequel ==
Monette is working on a sequel, Witness for the Dead. It is to be "a detective novel" focusing on "a minor character" from the first novel.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Erpeldange (Luxembourgish: Ierpeldeng, German: Erpeldingen) is a small town in the commune of Bous, in south-eastern Luxembourg.  As of 2005, the town has a population of 323.
<|endoftext|>
Thomas William Green (30 March 1894 – 29 March 1975) was a British racewalker who won a gold medal in the men's 50 km walk at the 1932 Summer Olympics. The son of a police constable, Green could not walk until the age of five, owing to his affliction with rickets. He lied about his age and joined the British Army in 1906 and served during the First World War, where he was wounded on three occasions and gassed while fighting in France. Returning to Britain, he eventually settled in Eastleigh where he worked at a railway works before being encouraged by a blind friend to take up racewalking.
Green's career began to rise during the late 1920s and reached its peak during the 1930s, when he became the first British national and Olympic 50 km racewalking champion. He continued his success through the mid-1930s, but placed fourth at the 1936 National Championships and was thus unable to compete in that year's Summer Olympic Games. He retired from competitive athletics and had a career as a publican prior to spending his retirement as a sports promoter and administrator. Tommy Green Walk in Eastleigh is named in his honour.


== Early life ==
Green was born in the town of Fareham in Hampshire, England on 30 March 1894. His family was Anglican and his father, Tom, was a police constable. The younger Green was afflicted with rickets as a child and thus unable to walk until he was five years old. He left school at the age of 12 and briefly worked as a butcher's assistant before lying about his age and joining the 20th Hussars of the British Army in 1906. He was invalided four years later after a horse fell on him, but recalled up to service at the onset of the First World War. He fought in France with the 3rd The King's Own Hussars where he was wounded three times and gassed so severely that the army sent him back to Britain in 1917.


== Athletic career ==
Green settled in the town of Eastleigh where he held numerous jobs until finally finding more stable employment with Eastleigh Railway Works, a repair facility for trains and carriages. He also trained as a boxer and long-distance runner in his spare time until he was encouraged by a blind friend to take up the sport of racewalking. He entered – and won – his first race at the age of 32 in 1926 and soon thereafter joined the Belgrave Harriers. His breakthrough year was 1929, winning several national competitions and coming in second at an international 100 km event in Milan.Green's prominence grew in 1930 as he set a new world record while becoming Britain's first national 50 km racewalking champion in July. After a string of victories in other British events, he captured his first international title at the international 100 km race in Milan. His continuing success through 1931 and 1932 earned him a trip to the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where he won a gold medal in the first ever men's 50 km walk at the Games. At the time he was 38 years old and he remains, as of 2008, the oldest person to have won the event. He contested fewer races in 1933 and 1934, but he set his sights on making an appearance at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin and resumed his heavy regimen of training in 1935. He was runner-up to Harold Whitlock for the British 50 km title that year, but he slid to fourth place in the following year's competition and was not selected for the Berlin Games. Whitlock, who captured the 1936 National Championship with a world record time, became the eventual winner of the 1936 Olympic 50 km walk.


== Later life ==
Green retired from competitive athletics after 1936 and, having lost a thumb in an industrial accident at Eastleigh Railway Works in 1934, took up a career as a publican. He did participate in a Victory Walk following the Second World War where, at the age of 53, he finished 17th in a field of 146 competitors. His final race came in 1946, where he was victorious in an event that stretched from Poole to Wareham in Dorset. In retirement he dedicated the remainder of his life to promoting sports and served as President of the Eastleigh Cricket Association. He died on 29 March 1975 in Eastleigh, where Tommy Green Walk was named in his honour.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Alisa Bokulich is an American philosopher of science and Professor of Philosophy at Boston University. Since 2010 she has been the Director of the Center for Philosophy and History of Science at Boston University, where she organizes the Boston Colloquium for Philosophy of Science, and serves as a Series Editor for Boston Studies in Philosophy and History of Science.  She was the first woman ever to be tenured in the Philosophy Department at Boston University and the first woman to become a director of a center for history and philosophy of science in North America.


== Education ==
Bokulich attended high school at Forest Ridge School in Bellevue, Washington, got her Bachelor's in Philosophy, with a minor in Physics, from Washington State University, and received her Ph.D. from the Program in History and Philosophy of Science at the University of Notre Dame, under the direction of the physicist James T. Cushing.   Her academic genealogy, traced through Ph.D. dissertation advisors, is Cushing—Max Dresden—George Uhlenbeck--Paul Ehrenfest--Ludwig Boltzmann.


== Research ==
Her research focuses on the history and philosophy of the physical sciences, especially classical and quantum mechanics, and more recently philosophy of the Earth sciences.  She has published widely on topics such as models, explanation, natural kinds, thought experiments, fictions in science, supertasks, and the history of quantum theory. She is the author of the book Reexamining the Quantum-Classical Relation: Beyond Reductionism and Pluralism (Cambridge University Press 2008), which has been well received by physicists and philosophers alike, and co-editor of four other books.


== References ==


== External links ==
Alisa Bokulich's Boston University website
<|endoftext|>
Medinipur Sadar Government Polytechnic, established in 2016, is a government polytechnic located in Midnapore, West Bengal. 


== About college ==
It is affiliated with the West Bengal State Council of Technical Education, and recognized by AICTE, New Delhi. This polytechnic offers diploma courses in Mechanical, Electrical, and Civil Engineering.


== See also ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website WBSCTE
Medinipur Sadar Government Polytechnic
<|endoftext|>
Araouane  is a cercle of Taoudénit Region, Mali.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Friedrich Wilhelm "Fieten" Rahe (German pronunciation: [ˈfʀiːdʀɪç ˈvɪlhɛlm ˈʀaːə]; 16 April 1888 – 18 February 1949) was a German tennis and field hockey player.


== Biography ==
Rahe was born at Rostock on 16 April 1888 and grew up in the family house in Kröpeliner Straße 37. His grandfather, the entrepreneur Friedrich Rehmann, had founded a company for wholesale trade of food. Rehmann had three daughters of which the eldest, Emma, had married businessman Eduard Rahe, the parents of Friedrich Wilhelm.His family's wealth made it possible for Rahe to focus on leisure activities like playing tennis or driving expensive cars. At an age of 15, he took part in the German national tennis championships at nearby Heiligendamm but lost his initial match. In 1906, at the German open championships, he could reach the final but lost to Josiah Ritchie in straights set, winning only 5 games. Although he would later become finalist at the tournament in 1909 and again in 1922, he was never able to win it. However, he won the German national championships twice, in 1908 and 1913.Rahe competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in the men's singles tournament and in the men's doubles tournament together with Oscar Kreuzer. He lost in both competitions in the first round. In the Olympic field hockey tournament he was able to score the only German goal to defeat France to finish in fifth place.In 1913 he was runner-up at Wimbledon, losing the men's doubles final together with Heinrich Kleinschroth in four sets against the defending champions Herbert Roper Barrett and Charles P. Dixon. He reached the semifinals in singles at Wimbledon in 1909 (beating Gordon Lowe before losing to Roper Barrett), and was a quarterfinalist in 1911 and 1912. In 1913, Rahe played in the Davis Cup together with Kleinschroth; the German team reached the semifinals before losing to the US. After the 1913 Wimbledon Championships, Rahe made a trip to South Africa where he played a couple of exhibition matches.
At the beginning of World War I, Rahe joined the German army and was assigned to the Kaiserliches Freiwilliges Automobil-Corps at the headquarters of the crown prince. Lieutenant Rahe was rewarded the Iron Cross 1st Class in early 1915. On 11 August 1915, he married Erna Kribben, sister of tennis player Curt Kribben. Their daughter Gisela was born in 1917.In 1916 Rahe came to the German delegation at Sofia where he stayed until the end of the war. Afterwards, he opened an art gallery in Berlin. He married for a second time, Liesel Witte, the daughter of a chemicals industrialist. After the International Lawn Tennis Federation had lifted the ban on German players for international tournaments in 1926, Rahe played a match in the 1927 German Davis Cup team.Rahe's last appearance as a tennis player was at the 1941 German senior championships, where he reached the final but lost to Max Hopfenheit. He died a few years afterwards, in 1949, and was buried in the cemetery Alter Friedhof at Rostock, which was then in the Soviet occupation zone. The family's food company was later nationalized by the ruling Socialist Unity Party.


== Grand Slam finals ==


=== Doubles (1 runner-up) ===


== References ==


== External links ==
Friedrich Wilhelm Rahe at the Association of Tennis Professionals 
Friedrich Wilhelm Rahe at the International Tennis Federation 
Friedrich Wilhelm Rahe at the Davis Cup
<|endoftext|>
Saltcoats is a small town in East Central Saskatchewan near the Manitoba border in Canada. The town's population was 474 in 2011. The town was built in the late 19th century, and its economy was driven by the railway. There is no longer passenger service to the town.


== History ==
The community was established in 1887 ahead of the arrival of the Manitoba and Northwestern Railway in 1888 when the post office was opened. In 1894, Saltcoats was the first village incorporated in the North-West Territories as they then were.  The town was originally named 'Stirling', but that was later changed to Saltcoats, after Saltcoats, Scotland, the birthplace of a major railway shareholder and the home port of Allen Steam-ship Lines which brought over many of the immigrants from the British Isles that settled in the region.In 1902, 208 Welsh settlers (44 families) fleeing unfavorable conditions in Welsh Patagonia came to Saltcoats, but within a generation their community lost its cultural cohesion and melted into the English-speaking cultural matrix.


== Government ==


=== Provincial Representation ===
Melville - Saltcoats Riding - Bob Bjornerud - Saskatchewan Party


=== Federal Representation ===
Yorkton Riding - Gary Breitkreuz - Conservative Party of Canada


== Media ==
The Four-Town Journal covers Saltcoats and area.


== Notable people ==
The Honourable Gordon Barnhart: Lieutenant-Governor of Saskatchewan (2007–2012)
The Very Reverend Walter H. Farquharson: internationally noted hymnodist; former Moderator of the United Church of Canada
Ron Liepert, Broadcaster, Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, Alberta Cabinet Minister, Member of Parliament
Joan McCusker: gold medallist in curling (1998 Winter Olympics)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Masa is a barrio in the municipality of Gurabo, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,522.


== History ==
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States conducted its first census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Masa and Jaguar barrios was 1,270.


== Sectors ==
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.The following sectors are in Masa barrio:Camino Santos Garcia, 
Parcelas Viejas Ramón T. Colón, 
Reverendo Pedro Parrilla, 
Sector Buenos Aires, 
Sector Eugenio Ruiz, 
Sector Goyo Márquez, 
Sector Julio Boria, 
Sector Lomas del Viento, 
Sector Los Rivero, 
Sector Los Viera, 
Sector Masa I, 
Sector Masa II, 
Sector Miranda, 
Sector Peyo Alemán, 
Sector Resto, and Sector Santana.


== See also ==

List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Gurabo, Puerto Rico


== References ==


== External links ==
U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Masa barrio
<|endoftext|>
The women's 200 metre backstroke swimming competition at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan was held on 4 October at the Sajik Swimming Pool.


== Schedule ==
All times are Korea Standard Time (UTC+09:00)


== Records ==
Prior to this competition, the existing world, Asian and Games records were as follows.


== Results ==


=== Heats ===


=== Final ===


== References ==

2002 Asian Games Report, Page 217
Results
<|endoftext|>
Wood is a surname in the English language. It is common throughout the world, especially countries with historical links to Great Britain.


== Etymology ==
For the most part, the surname Wood originated as a topographic name used to describe a person who lived in, or worked in a wood or forest. This name is derived from the Middle English wode, meaning "wood" (from the Old English wudu). An early occurrence of this surname (of a personal residing near a wood) is de la Wode, recorded in Hertfordshire, England, in 1242. The locational name also appeared in early records Latinised as de Bosco (from the Old French bois, meaning "wood"). Another derivation for the surname is from a nickname of an eccentric or violent person, derived from the Old English wōd, wad, and Middle English wod, wode, all meaning "frenzied" or "wild". This derivation is considered to be much less common than the locational origin. An early occurrence of the surname derived in this fashion (from a nickname) is le Wode, recorded in Worcestershire, England, in 1221.


== Variations ==
Variations of the name include the surnames Woodd, Woode, Woods, Wod, and Wode. The equivalent name in German is Wald, and in many cases, emigrants from the German-speaking countries Anglicized this name to Wood when they settled in countries like the United States, Canada, Australia, South Africa, et cetera. The name "Wald" still exists, too.
The element "wood" occurs in a number of surnames often indicating a place of origin or an occupation: Woodard, Woodburn, Woodby, Woodcock, Woodforde, Woodham, Woodly, Woodman, Woodruff, Woodstock, Woodvine, and Woodward.
Other variations include; Blackwood, Eastwood, Greenwood, Inglewood, Hazelwood, Kirkwood, Leatherwood, Northwood, Redwood, Westwood.


== Popularity ==
In England and Wales, and on the Isle of Man, Wood is the 26th most-common surname, in Scotland it is the 53rd most-common surname and in the United States the 78th.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
William Worthington Bain Jr. (July 30, 1937 – January 16, 2018) was an American management consultant, known for his role as one of the founders of the management consultancy that bears his name, Bain & Company. Prior to founding Bain & Company, he was a vice-president at the Boston Consulting Group (BCG).


== Early life ==
William Bain was born on July 30, 1937, in Johnson City, Tennessee, to William Worthington Bain Sr. and his wife, Ruby Kathleen Bain (born Cloyd). His father was a small food wholesaler who had little formal education and came from a farming family with eleven siblings. He graduated from Science Hill High School in 1955.Later, he attended East Tennessee State College with major in engineering, for two years before transferring to Vanderbilt University, where he was a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. He graduated in 1959, earning Phi Beta Kappa honors, with a degree in history. He then got married and became a father. He did graduate work in history at Vanderbilt as a Woodrow Wilson Scholar in 1960.


== Career ==
Bain briefly worked at a steel fabricating company, where he'd held summer jobs, before returning to Vanderbilt in 1960 to work as the school's director of development at the age of 26. In this capacity, he met Bruce Henderson, the founder of the Boston Consulting Group. After meeting Henderson, Bain agreed and chose to join BCG in 1967 at a starting salary of $17,000 per year.In the early 1970s, Bain was considered internally at Boston Consulting Group to be Henderson's eventual successor. However, in 1973 Bain resigned from BCG to start his own strategy consulting firm. Bain quickly recruited Black & Decker and Texas Instruments, two BCG clients, as his own clients, and hired away six of BCG's employees. Bain's new company diverged from other consulting firms of the time by focusing on longer assignments. He also sought to develop close relations with the companies, helping not only to devise strategy but also to implement it. He also promised not to represent more than one client per industry, and for many years would only accept assignments that reported to the client's CEO.
He formed Bain Capital, a private equity firm, in 1984, and appointed Mitt Romney, one of the partners at Bain & Company, to be Bain Capital's first CEO.After leaving Bain, he was chairman of the board of Bain Willard Companies, L. P., which he co-founded in 1993 with Ralph R. Willard, President of Bain. He was also a director of Hinckley Yachts.


== Charitable work ==
Bain was a longtime trustee of several children’s charities in Boston, including Children’s Hospital Boston, The Boys and Girls Clubs of Boston and the Posse Foundation. He also served on the board of trust of Vanderbilt University. and was a trustee of the Naples Children and Education Foundation in Naples, Florida from 2002 until his death.


== Personal life ==
Bain was married three times and fathered four children.He had been suffering from Alzheimer's disease and died aged 80 at his home in Florida in early 2018.


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Kiechel, Walter (2010). The Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World. Harvard Business Press. ISBN 978-1-5913-9782-3.
<|endoftext|>
The Battle of the Queens (in Aostan French, La bataille de reines; in Valdôtain dialect, La bataille de vatse; in Standard French,  Le combat de vaches) is an annual Cow fighting tournament that takes place in the Aosta Valley.Cows compete for the title of Reina di corne (Valdôtain for Queen of horns).


== History ==
The tournament is known to date back (at least) to 1858, which is when Jean-Baptiste Cerlogne wrote about it. Since 1958 it has been co-funded by the district council (French: Conseil de la Vallée).


== Breeds ==
The favoured breed of cow for The Battle is the Valdostaine pie noire. Alpine cows such as these are believed to be relatively assertive, and less likely to refuse to fight than cows accustomed to the soft life in the flat lands.


== Description ==
The event is conceptually similar to cow fighting contests held in the context of summer folk festivals in several of the Swiss valleys. The cows naturally fight in order to determine the hierarchy within the herd: provided the animals' horns have been properly trimmed little lasting damage ensues. Two cows push each other until one falls over or otherwise withdraws. The cow left standing is the winner.


== Tournaments ==
Aosta Valley's Battle of the Queens is more than a single event, however. The overall contest takes the form of a series of elimination heats.
Elimination heats take place in various locations in the Aosta Valley during the spring, summer and autumn.   Traditionally the first contest of the season takes place at Combe de Vertosan, a small high valley located between La Salle and Avise, near Mont Blanc. In order to avoid injustice and maximise participation, the cows are weighed, using up to date electronic scales, on the morning of the contest, and then separated into three categories according to weight as follows:

Category 1 (heavyweight) above 571 kg
Category 2 (middleweight) 521 kg - 570 kg
Category 3 (lightweight) up to 520 kgCow weights are not consistent through the year, and for the final three contest of the autumn (fall) the weight band thresholds are increased by 10 or 20 kg.


== Combat final ==
The finals, called in French Combat final, traditionally took place on a Sunday in October at the Puchoz Stadium in Aosta. Today they take place in the newer Croix-Noire Arena which is located on the recently developed eastern edge (French: Zone commerciale) of Aosta, near Saint-Christophe.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Dobrinești is a left tributary of the river Crișul Repede in Romania. The river rises in the Izbucul Gălășeni, located on the northern part of the Ciungilor Plateau of the Pădurea Craiului Mountains. It discharges into the Crișul Repede near Aușeu. Its length is 11 km (6.8 mi) and its basin size is 47 km2 (18 sq mi).


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Manoteras is a station on Line 4 of the Madrid Metro. It is located in fare Zone A.It was named after the Manoteras neighbourhood.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Pop Virus is the fifth studio album by Gen Hoshino, released in 2018.The first track of the album, also named "Pop Virus", is playable in the 2019 video game Death Stranding.


== Track listing ==
All music is composed by Gen Hoshino.


== Charts ==


=== Weekly charts ===


=== Year-end charts ===


== Accolades ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
A naked call occurs when a speculator writes (sells) a call option on a security without ownership of that security. It is one of the riskiest options strategies because it carries unlimited risk as opposed to a naked put, where the maximum loss occurs if the stock falls to zero. A naked call is similar to a covered call in that the trader is selling the call option for an initial premium, however unlike the covered call, they do not own the corresponding amount of stock.
The buyer of a call option has the right to buy a specific number of shares from the call option seller at a strike price at an expiration date (European Option). Since a naked call seller does not have the stock in case the option buyer decides to exercise the option, the seller has to buy stock at the open market in order to deliver it at the strike price. Since the share price has no limit to how far it can rise, the naked call seller is exposed to unlimited risk.
Speculators who have an appetite for risk might buy a call option when they believe the price of the stock will go up and they do not have the cash available to pay for the stock at its current price.  A disadvantage of the call option is that it eventually expires.
Speculators may sell a "naked call" option if they believe the price of the stock will decline or be stagnant.  The risk of selling the call option is that risk is unlimited if the price of the stock goes up.


== Examples ==
Stock XYZ is trading at $47.89 per share
DEC 50 Call is trading at $1.25 premium
Investor A ("A") forecasts that XYZ will not trade above $50.00 per share before December, so A sells the 1 DEC 50 Call for $125.00 (each option contract controls 100 shares). A doesn't buy the stock, therefore A's investment is considered naked.
Meanwhile, Investor B ("B") forecasts that XYZ will go above $50.00 per share before December, so B purchases the call from A for $125.00. At expiration of the option, consider 4 different scenarios where the share price drops, stays the same, rises moderately or surges.
Assuming there are no other costs or taxes affecting the contract, when A) the date is December 31 or B) prices rise above $50.00, one of two general things happen: 1) B makes a 100% loss, 2) B profits by the same amount of A's net loss.
The following are four scenarios for the example:


=== Scenario 1 ===
Stock drops to $43.25
DEC 50 Call expires worthless
A keeps the entire premium of $125.00
B makes a 100% loss


=== Scenario 2 ===
Stock stays at $47.89
 
DEC 50 Call expires worthless
A keeps the entire premium of $125.00
B makes a 100% loss


=== Scenario 3 ===
Stock rises to $52.45

DEC 50 Call is exercised
A is forced to buy 100 shares of XYZ for $5,245.00 and immediately sell them at $5,000.00 for a loss of $245.00. Since A received the premium of $125.00 before, A's net loss is $120.00.
B buys 100 shares of XYZ for $5,000.00 and now is able to sell them at open market for $52.45 per share, if B so chooses. B's net gain is $120.00 (same as A's loss excluding commission costs)


=== Scenario 4 ===
Stock surges to $75.00 on a news announcement. DEC 50 Call is exercised.
A is forced to buy 100 shares of XYZ for $7,500.00 and immediately sell them at $5,000.00 for a loss of $2,500.00. Since A received the premium of $125.00 before, A's net loss is $2,375.00.
B buys 100 shares for $5,000.00 and paid the premium of $125.00 before. These shares are now worth $7,500.00 on the open market. B's net gain is $2,375.00 (same as A's loss, if commission costs are omitted).


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Te Roroa is a Māori iwi from the region between the Kaipara Harbour and the Hokianga Harbour in Northland, New Zealand. They are part of the Ngāti Whātua confederation of tribes.In the early 19th century Te Roroa fought a series of wars with Ngāpuhi. In 1807 or 1808, following earlier battles, the Ngāpuhi chief Pokaia led a campaign against Te Roroa. Te Roroa, led by their chief Tāoho, and their Ngāti Whātua allies led by Murupaenga ambushed and defeated the Ngāpuhi forces in the Te Kai-a-te-karoro battle at Moremonui.


== Hapū and marae ==
Te Roroa does not have hapū, and it is affiliated with the following marae (meeting places) and wharenui (meeting houses):

Matatina marae, including Tuohu wharenui, Waipoua
Pananawe marae, including Te Taumata o Tiopira Kinaki wharenui, Waipoua
Te Houhanga marae, including Rāhiri wharenui, Dargaville
Te Whakamaharatanga marae, including Whakamaharatanga Memorial Hall, Waiotemarama
Waikarā, including Te Uaua wharenui, Aranga
Waikaraka marae, including Whakarongo wharenui, Kaihū.


== Governance ==
Te Roroa Whatu Ora Trust is recognised by the New Zealand Government as the settlement governance entity of Te Roroa, following its Treaty of Waitangi settlement with the Crown under the Te Roroa Claims Settlement Act. It represents Te Roroa as an iwi authority under the Resource Management Act and is a Tūhono organisation. The private trust is governed by twelve trustees elected by iwi whānui. As of 2016, the chairperson is Alan Sonny Nesbit, the operations manager is Snow Taoho Tane and the trust is based in Dargaville.The iwi has interests in the territories of Northland Regional Council, Far North District Council and Kaipara District Council.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official Te Roroa Web Site
<|endoftext|>
Manohar J. Pherwani was a Chairman of the Unit Trust of India for almost a decade until November 1989. He was also the Chairman of the National Housing Bank (NHB). He was also known for his involvement in the 1992 Indian stock market scam.
Under his tenure the asset base of the UTI grew from ₹1 billion to almost ₹176.5 billion.
He headed the 1991 "Expert Study Group into establishment of new stock exchange" (also known as the M J Pherwani Committee) into stock exchange reform which resulted in the formation of the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE).He quit as chairman of the NSE and Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services Ltd (IL&FS) in 1992, in the wake of the 1992 securities scam.


== Controversies ==

While serving as Chairman & Managing Director of the National Housing Bank, Pherwani had exposed the bank to high volumes of re-purchase option (repo) based security trades through Harshad Mehta, a broker who was charged with 72 criminal offenses, in 1992.


== Death ==
Pherwani died on 21 May 1992 due to a heart attack.


== In pop culture ==
Actor K. K. Raina portrayed Pherwani in the Sony LIV hit series Scam 1992.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
The Scam: Who Won, Who Lost, Who Got away?, Sucheta Dalal and Debashis Basu, Paperback, 314 pages, UBS Publishers Distributors, 1994, ISBN 81-86112-75-8
Polyester Prince-The Real Story of Dhirubhai Ambani, Hamish McDonald, Paperback, 296 pages, Allen & Unwin Pty., Limited (Australia), September 1999, ISBN 1-86448-468-3
<|endoftext|>
Marie Rudisill (March 13, 1911 – November 3, 2006), also known as the Fruitcake Lady, was a writer and television personality, best known as the nonagenarian woman who appeared in the "Ask the Fruitcake Lady" segments on The Tonight Show on American television.  She was an aunt to novelist Truman Capote (his mother, Lillie Mae Faulk, was her elder sister). Rudisill helped to raise Capote, who lived with her at times during his childhood, both in Alabama and New York City.


== Biography ==
Rudisill was born Edna Marie Faulk in Monroeville, Alabama. Her first marriage, to a Japanese man in the 1930s, ended in divorce due to her family's disapproval. She later wrote, "I really loved that man. He was so talented and such a sweet wonderful person. And I would have been happier with him than I was with the man I married after that." She married James Rudisill in 1939. She wrote, "A man who drinks excessively, it's not a happy marriage. We loved each other, but we had our times." The couple had one son, James, and Rudisill had three grandchildren.
Rudisill authored eight books, including Fruitcake: Memories of Truman Capote & Sook. She was a resident of Florida.


== The Tonight Show ==
Rudisill's book Fruitcake (published by Hill Street Press) led to her being invited to be a guest on The Tonight Show on December 14, 2000. During her first visit she showed Jay Leno and Mel Gibson how to make fruitcakes.  This led to her being named the Fruitcake Lady and to several more appearances on The Tonight Show, in which she instructed host Jay Leno and other guests in the preparation of various baked desserts.
In 2002, the "Ask the Fruitcake Lady" segments became a regular part of The Tonight Show. In these segments, viewers posed prerecorded questions to Rudisill (including questions of a graphic sexual nature), and her frank and often unpredictable responses were shown. She often lost patience with what she perceived as stupidity on the part of some questioners, and lapsed into profanity.


== Death ==
Marie Rudisill died in Hudson, Florida, on November 3, 2006, at the age of 95, just before the publication date of her last book, Ask the Fruitcake Lady: Everything You Would Already Know If You Had Any Sense, on November 7. The November 8 broadcast of the Tonight Show included a tribute composed of highlights from her segments on the show, including one in which she cooked with (and was hugged and kissed on the cheek by) Tom Cruise.
An updated version of her 1989 cookbook, Sook's Cookbook: Memories and Traditional Recipes from the Deep South, was published by Louisiana State University Press in September 2008.


== Bibliography ==
Truman Capote: The Story of His Bizarre and Exotic Boyhood by an Aunt Who Helped Raise Him (1983), with James C. Simmons
Sook's Cookbook: Memories and Traditional Recipes from the Deep South (1989); updated edition 2008
Critter Cakes & Frog Tea: Tales and Treats from the Emerald River (1994)
Fruitcake: Memories of Truman Capote & Sook (2000)
The Southern Haunting of Truman Capote (2000), with James C. Simmons
Ask the Fruitcake Lady: Everything You Would Already Know If You Had Any Sense (2006)


== References ==


== External links ==
Marie Rudisill at IMDb
Marie Rudisill at Find a Grave
St. Petersburg Times, November 14, 2006
St. Petersburg Times, "Truman's Aunt Tiny" by Mary Jane Park, October 3, 2000
The Bitter Southerner, "My Lost Interview with Truman Capote’s Aunt" by Wendell Brock, December 17, 2013
<|endoftext|>
Anil Sharma is an Indian politician and a member of 17th Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh of India. He represents the Shikarpur (Assembly constituency) in Bulandshahr district of Uttar Pradesh and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Currently he is serving as Minister of State for Forest, Environment, Zoological Garden in Government of Uttar Pradesh.


== Early life and education ==
Sharma was born 26 June 1963 in Surjawali village Bulandshahr district of Uttar Pradesh to his father Vijay Kumar Sharma. In 1987, he married with Moirta Sharma, they have one son and one daughter. He had completed Intermediate education from Board of High School and Intermediate Education Uttar Pradesh.


== Political career ==
Sharma started his journey in politics from the village head (Pradhan). In 1989, Anil Sharma was elected unopposed village head of the ancestral village Surjawali for the first time. After that, he became the village head for the second consecutive time.In 2002, Anil Sharma was elected MLA from Khurja Assembly seat on Bahujan Samaj Party ticket for the first time. Then for the second consecutive time in 2007, Anil Sharma became MLA from Khurja. In the year 2012, Khurja seat was secured. He contested on the Bahujan Samaj Party ticket from Shikarpur Assembly seat but lost to SP's Mukesh Sharma. In the year 2017, he was elected MLA from Shikarpur Assembly seat as a member of Bharatiya Janata Party.


== Post helds ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Chilkat State Park is a 9,837-acre (3,980 ha) Alaska state park on a peninsula south of the town of Haines, Alaska between the Chilkat and Chilkoot inlets. Remote and known for the steep 14% grade gravel access road, the park offers campsites with minimal amenities and is open to fishing, hiking, boating, sea kayaking, and sightseeing. The campground is closed from October to mid-May due to winter concerns.


== History ==
In 1970, Clem Tillion, a member of the State House, and Senator Bob Palmer, both Republicans, introduced legislation to set aside 300,000 acres of land in Kachemak Bay to create the state park and wilderness area. On May 9, 1970, the Alaska Legislature established the park at Kachemak Bay and authorized the governor to set aside additional lands as state parks. Within five months—from May to October—the park system grew to 913,000 acres. A park near Haines, to be named Chilkat State Park, was included in this section, and later that year the northern segment, initially called 'Battery Point State Recreation Area,' was opened. The full park was not enacted until 1975. In a proclamation made by the governor on June 22, 1976, the northern and newly created southern segments were renamed 'Chilkat State Park.' The park was originally 6,056.3 acres, but has grown by private donation and legislative action through the years.


== Fishing and boating ==
The park offers plenty of opportunities for anglers. The Chilkat River is considered the most productive coho spawning and rearing area in southeast Alaska, which also provides a habitat for wild sockeye, Chinook and chum salmon. In June boaters can enter the inlets for the king salmon run using the park's boat launch. To the south of the park, across the inlets, is Chilkat Islands State Marine Park and Sullivan Island State Marine Park, which offer boaters additional areas to explore and more sights to see.
Sea kayaking is another way to get around the inlets surrounding the park. Due to the shallow waters surrounding many of the channel islands, a kayaker can get into places boaters can't in order to spy on the many wildlife species that make their home in the area.


== Hiking and sightseeing ==

The park is located seven miles south of Haines in northern part of the Alaska Panhandle, on Mud Bay Rd. on the Chilkat Peninsula. It offers hikers three trails of varying degrees of difficulty. For an easy hike, one can take the Seduction Point Trail that stays close to the coastline and weaves its way through forest and beach for about seven miles. Another easy trail to take is the Battery Point Trail. Its two mile length starts in the forest and ends on the beach. For the more adventurous hiker there is the Mount Riley Trail. This trail features steep vertical rises but also offers the hiker a view of the entire park and inlets.


=== Wildlife viewing ===
Because the park is very remote, visitors have many opportunities to see a variety of wildlife. Black and brown bears, mountain goats, and moose frequent the park and surrounding areas. Spotting scopes are provided, located at the information center that allow visitors to see wildlife far out into the inlet. This includes humpback and orca, harbor seals, harbor porpoises, and sea lions. Quite a few different species of birds can be spotted around the park as well, a favorite of visitors being the bald eagle. Others include trumpeter swans, boreal owls, common loons, and kingfishers.


=== Mountain and glacier viewing ===

Chilkat State Park and—more generally, the Haines area—are situated at the convergence of North America's interior and the waters of the Inside Passage. As such is the case the small peninsula is surrounded by deep channels and steep rising mountains. The Chilkat Range, Takinsha Mountains, Takshanuk Mountains, and Coast Mountains all meet at this point and provide many views of mountain peaks close to open waters. The park offers a view of two major glaciers in the area. One is Rainbow Glacier, which is about 1.5 miles long and sits at an elevation of 5164 feet (1574 meters). It is a hanging glacier with a waterfall dropping from its face. The other glacier, the larger of the two, is Davidson Glacier, at about 4.6 miles long and an elevation of 3875 feet (1181 meters). The glacier was named after George Davidson, a geographer whose published report influenced the United States' purchase of Alaska from Russia in 1867.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Tom Robinson (born 10 November 1994) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the  Blues in Super Rugby and  Northland in the Mitre 10 Cup. His position is Flanker. He was named in the Blues squad for the 2019 Super Rugby season.


== Reference list ==


== External links ==
itsrugby.co.uk profile
<|endoftext|>
William Brown (8 May 1764 – 20 September 1814) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served in increasingly senior positions during a long period from the American Revolutionary War, including the French Revolutionary War, and until the Napoleonic Wars. He began his naval career as a servant to Captain Philemon Pownoll in the frigate HMS Apollo and became a midshipman after two years. He then served on HMS Resolution with Lord Robert Manners and came home with him in HMS Andromache. He spent the next five years ashore in peacetime. After a brief time on HMS Bounty he was taken off by the First lord and moved to HMS Ariel before Bounty sailed. He was then moved to HMS Leander, where he was commissioned by Admiral Peyton in 1788. He later captained a series of ships serving in the Mediterranean Sea, the North Sea, the Channel Fleet and then the Mediterranean, again with Lord St Vincent. He captained HMS Ajax in the Blockade of Brest and the Battle of Cape Finisterre and then at Cadiz at Nelson's personal request. After Trafalgar he had a series of shore postings as Dockyard Commissioner at Malta and Shearness before being made Commander in Chief of the Channel Islands and then Jamaica where he died.


== Early career ==
William Brown was born in 1764, the second son of John Suffield Brown, a local landowner and Deputy Lord Lieutenant of Leicestershire. Aged 13 he joined the navy by 1777 and was a captain's servant. After two years of service in the American Revolutionary War in Apollo she returned to the Channel Fleet, where William was lucky to escape with a wounded hand after being shot by a sharpshooter in the rigging of a French frigate they had engaged, the shot having passed through the brim of his hat. Apollo subsequently joined Admiral Rodney's fleet for the relief of Gibraltar and Menorca when she participated in the Moonlight battle. William was then with Lord Robert Manners in HMS Resolution for two years and was present at the Battle of the Saints. He accompanied his wounded captain in HMS Andromache to return to England and was with Manners when he died. He was an efficient officer who passed for lieutenant in 1788 and was made commander of the 18-gun sloop HMS Zebra during the Spanish armament in 1790. In the first year of the French Revolutionary Wars he was in command of HMS Fly. 
By his promotion to captain, Brown had already seen extensive service in the Mediterranean and in the Channel Fleet, Brown was made a post captain and given the frigate HMS Venus. and was attached to Lord Howe's force during the Atlantic campaign of May 1794. At the culminating battle on the Glorious First of June, Brown acted as a repeater for Howe's signals to emphasise them to captains further away from the flagship. Late in the action he also helped tow wrecked ships out of the battleline.Late in 1794, Brown married Catherine Travers, who died in 1795 shortly after the birth of their son John William Brown. Following his wife's death, Brown took service at sea in command of HMS Alcmene under Admiral John Jervis and had to have a mutineer executed by the crew off Cadiz. After two years of service with Lord St Vincent (as Jervis had become), he retired to a Lisbon hospital in 1797. He recovered by the spring of 1798 and was given command of the ship of the line HMS Defence by Lord St Vincent from March 1798, but was superseded by Captain John Peyton, who had been appointed by the First Lord at the same time. In 1799, Brown took passage to Gibraltar to command the frigate HMS Santa Dorothea, but on arrival was instead made captain of the 80-gun HMS Foudroyant. Brown took this ship to serve with Nelson off Malta and Nelson switched Brown with Thomas Masterman Hardy on HMS Vanguard.


== Napoleonic Wars ==
In 1801, Brown left Vanguard and moved into HMS Robust, in which he served for one year in the Channel Fleet under Lord St Vincent. He then commanded the frigate HMS Hussar in the Cork Squadron. During the Peace of Amiens, Brown married Martha Vere Fothergill and the couple had four children. He then commanded HMS Romney in the Atlantic. Early in 1805, Brown was transferred to HMS Ajax with the fleet under Sir Robert Calder. Calder led his force against the Franco-Spanish fleet of Pierre-Charles Villeneuve on 22 July 1805 at the Battle of Cape Finisterre. During the battle, which was fought in thick fog, Brown turned his ship away to inform his admiral the enemy was changing direction in the fog. Although opinion was and still is divided on where the fault lay for the failure to destroy Villeneuve at the battle, Calder's fleet did seriously damage their opponents and capture two ships. In Britain however there was anger that the victory was not more comprehensive and Calder demanded a court martial to clear his name. One of the captain he brought back to England from Cadiz with him was Brown, who left Ajax in the hands of Lieutenant John Pilfold.Whilst Calder and Brown were in Britain, Nelson led the British fleet, including Ajax to complete victory at the Battle of Trafalgar. Calder was highly criticised at his trial and lost much prestige, Brown continued to serve with several senior staff positions. Amongst these was command of the Malta Dockyard and the Sheerness Dockyard, duties he performed efficiently. 
In 1812, Brown was promoted to rear-admiral and given the command of the Channel Islands station. In 1813, Brown was transferred to the Jamaica Station as commanding naval officer of the island and it was during service there that he contracted yellow fever and died on 20 September 1814. He was buried at Kingston.


== Notes ==


== References ==
Cundall, Frank (1915). Historic Jamaica. West India Committee.
Partridge, Michael (2004). Brown, William. Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. Retrieved 15 January 2008. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Laughton, John Knox (1886). "Brown, William (d.1814)" .  In Stephen, Leslie (ed.). Dictionary of National Biography. 7. London: Smith, Elder & Co.CS1 maint: ref duplicates default (link)
<|endoftext|>
Sot de Ferrer is a municipality in the comarca of Alto Palancia, Castellón, Valencia, Spain.
<|endoftext|>
Boonville is a town in Yadkin County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,222 at the 2010 census.


== History ==
Boonville was named for Daniel Boone. A post office has been in operation in Boonville since 1857. The town was incorporated by the NC Legislature on February 19, 1895.


== Boonville Community Volunteer Fire Department ==
The Boonville Community Volunteer Fire Department was organized in 1941 with Harvey Smith serving as its first Chief. The former fire department building has since been named the Harvey E Smith Municipal Building and now houses the police station and meeting space for the town council. The new fire station was erected just south of Main Street in 1997. It houses numerous apparatus and is operated by both volunteer personnel and paid staff.


== Airport ==
Boonville is home to one non-towered and unattended private use grass airport. FAA identifier: 26NC. At 1,003' elevation, its length is 1,500 feet.


== Geography ==
Boonville is located at 36°14′0″N 80°42′28″W (36.233338, -80.707853).According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 1.3 square miles (3.4 km2), all of it land.


=== Nearby Town, cities ===
Jonesville
Elkin
East Bend
Yadkinville
Dobson


== Demographics ==

As of the census of 2000, there were 1,138 people, 476 households, and 343 families residing in the town. The population density was 894.0 people per square mile (346.0/km2). There were 511 housing units at an average density of 401.4 per square mile (155.4/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 94.29% White, 4.48% African American, 0.26% Asian, 0.70% from other races, and 0.26% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.35% of the population.
There were 476 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were married couples living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.85.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $32,019, and the median income for a family was $42,794. Males had a median income of $30,341 versus $21,298 for females. The per capita income for the town was $16,101. About 13.2% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.4% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.


== Notable people ==
Mamrie Hart
L. D. Williams
Heather Macy


== References ==


== External links ==
Yadkin Valley Chamber of Commerce
<|endoftext|>
Douglas A. Harper (born 1948) is an American sociologist and photographer. He is the holder of the Rev. Joseph A. Lauritis, C.S.Sp. Endowed Chair in Teaching with Technology at Duquesne University, a chair funded by a grant from the Mellon Foundation.


== Biography ==
Harper was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. He earned a B.A. from Macalester College in 1970 and a PhD in sociology from Brandeis University. While doing research for his PhD dissertation about railroad tramps, he rode freight trains for 20,000 miles (32,000 km) in the western United States.


== Career ==
After graduation, Harper wrote a book, Good Company, about railroad tramps.
Harper made extensive use of photo elicitation interviews in his 1987 book, Working Knowledge, a sociological treatment of the rural bricoleur in America. His 2001 publication, Changing Works, applied the same method to the historical reconstruction of cultural memory.
Harper later co-authored books on post-colonial culture in Hong Kong, Italian food culture, and the semiotics of Italian fascism, in which he researched images as method of cross-cultural communication. In 2014, he studied the sociology of public space in the Italian piazza and in the de-industrialized regions of the American Rust Belt.
Harper has taught sociology at SUNY Potsdam, the University of South Florida, and Duquesne University, and as a guest professor at the University of Amsterdam and University of Bologna. He edited the academic journal Visual Studies during its first thirteen years and wrote five works of visual ethnography published by the University of Chicago Press. His Visual Sociology (Routledge 2012) is a comprehensive treatment of the topic.
Harper was co-founder of the International Visual Sociology Association with Leonard M. Henny and others; in 2013 he was elected its president.He has had many photographic exhibitions in the US and abroad.


== Books ==
2014: I Simboli del fascismo nella Roma del XXI secolo, cronache di un' oblio. Douglas Harper, Francesco Mattioli. Aciraele-Roma: Bonnano. ("The symbols of fascism: Reports of an oblivion"). In Press.
2012: Visual Sociology. Douglas Harper. London: Routledge.
2009: The Italian Way: Food and Social Life. Douglas Harper and Patrizia Faccioli. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
2009: Hong Kong: Migrant Lives, Landscapes, and Journeys. Caroline Knowles and Douglas Harper. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
2006: Good Company: A Tramp Life. Boulder: Paradigm. Douglas Harper. (Revised and expanded third edition).
2003: The Cultural Study of Work. Douglas Harper and Helen Lawson, editors. Boulder: Rowman Littlefield. 2004 Outstanding Title, designation by the American Library Association.
2001: Changing Works: Visions of a Lost Agriculture. Douglas Harper. University of Chicago Press. Scholarly Achievement Award, North Central Sociological Association and Collier Award, Society for Visual Anthropology.
1998: Mondi Da Vedere: Verso una sociologia piu visuale. Patrizia Faccioli and Douglas Harper, editors. Milan: FrancoAngeli.
1994: Cape Breton, 1952: The Photographic Vision of Timothy Asch (editor). University of Southern California: Ethnographics Press; International Visual Sociology Association.
1993: Eyes Across the Water, vol. II: Essays on Visual Sociology and Anthropology. Robert Boonzajer Flaes and Douglas Harper, editors. Amsterdam: Het Spinhuis Press.
1987: Working Knowledge: Skill and Community in a Small Shop. Douglas Harper. University of Chicago Press. Paperback edition, University of California Press, 1992.
1982: Good Company. Douglas Harper. University of Chicago Press. Second edition translations: Good Company: Un sociologo tra I vagabondi. Milan: FrancoAngeli, 1999 in Italian; Les Vagabonds du Nord-Ouest Américain. Paris: L'Harmattan, 1998 in French.


== Films ==
2013: The First Step to Recovery. (a 60-minute documentary film, in process.) Douglas Harper and Margaret Patterson, co-directors.
1983: Ernie's Sawmill. Douglas Harper and Stephen Papson, co-directors. A 16 mm, 20-minute ethnographic film.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Mary Hill Burton (1819-1909) was a Scottish social and educational reformer and the first woman governor of Heriot-Watt College.


== Biography ==
Mary Burton was born in Aberdeen but moved to Edinburgh in 1832 with her widowed mother and her brother, the lawyer and historian John Hill Burton.
A single woman, with an independent income from rental properties, she was a supporter of the Edinburgh National Society for Women's Suffrage and an advocate for improving access to education for women and working people. In 1868, she went to court, unsuccessfully, for the right to register to vote.Mary Burton successfully campaigned for the Watt Institution to admit women students on equal terms to men in 1869, twenty-three years before legislation required Scottish universities to do so. Her niece Ella Burton was one of the early women students to benefit.
Mary Burton was one of the first women elected to serve on Parochial and School Boards and became the first woman on the School's Board of Directors and later the first woman governor of Heriot-Watt College and Honorary President of the Watt Literary Association.She purchased Liberton Bank House on Gilmerton Road, Edinburgh, in 1844 and lived there until 1898. Arthur Conan Doyle, a family friend, lodged there while a student at Newington Academy in the 1860s.She died in 1909 in Aberdeen and is buried in Dean Cemetery, Edinburgh. In her will she left "£100 to provide prizes for 'deserving students irrespective of age or sex' attending evening classes at Heriot-Watt College and £100 to the Edinburgh Women's Suffrage Society to campaign 'for the admission of women to sit as members of parliament, either at Westminster or in a Scottish Parliament'".


== Legacy ==
Heriot-Watt University has honoured Mary Burton with a fund for female students studying STEM subjects launched in 2019 on the 200th anniversary of her birth. The Mary Burton building on the university's main Riccarton campus is named after her. There is a blue plaque in her honour.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Everything Happens to Me, is an album by pianist Kirk Lightsey's Trio with trumpeter Chet Baker, that was recorded in 1983 and released by the Timeless label.


== Reception ==
The Allmusic review states "While Baker is not in top form, he is a fine complement to the group sound ... A largely uneventful, if nonetheless relaxingly swinging set, Lightsey deftly walks through the chords with consummate skill. An underrated performer, the pianist is a skillful interpreter of American song, a performer who understands the meanings of tunes and infuses them with his own interpretations. Not terribly innovative, Lightsey is one of those few serious mainstream jazz piano soloists who pushes the edges ever so slightly but feels comfortable smack dab in the middle of traditional interplay". In JazzTimes, Michael J. West wrote "Even the conscientious jazz collector might have missed Shorter by Two upon its original 1984 release, performed as it was by Kirk Lightsey and Harold Danko, two of the most underrated pianists in jazz then and now. But 33 years later, Wayne Shorter having assumed elder statesmanship and acclaim as jazz's greatest living composer, the music therein has greater prestige even as its players continue to get shortchanged".


== Track listing ==
"Ray's Idea" (Ray Brown) – 4:52
"Everything Happens to Me" (Tom Adair, Matt Dennis) – 10:45
"Girl with the Purple Eyes" (Dexter Gordon) – 6:08
"Speak No Evil" (Wayne Shorter) – 6:57
"Inner Urge" (Joe Henderson) – 5:00
"Fee-Fi-Fo-Fum" (Shorter) – 6:52


== Personnel ==
Kirk Lightsey – piano
Chet Baker – trumpet, vocals (tracks 1 & 2)
David Eubanks – Bass
Eddie Gladden – drums


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The 2000 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season.  They finished the season with a 9–4 record and won the Southeastern Conference West Division championship.  Second-year head coach Tommy Tuberville led the Tigers to their first winning season since 1997, their second SEC Championship Game appearance, and a New Year's Day appearance in the Florida Citrus Bowl against Michigan, which marked the Tigers return to post-season play for the first time in three years.  The Tigers shut out arch rival Alabama, 9–0, on November 18 in the first Iron Bowl game played in Tuscaloosa since 1901. The Tigers finished the season ranked #18 in the AP Poll and #20 in the Coaches Poll.


== Schedule ==


== Game summaries ==


=== Alabama ===


== Rankings ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Pakistan competed at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics from 15–23 August. A team of 2 athletes was announced in preparation for the competition.


== Team selection ==
Track and road events


== References ==
Entry list. European Athletic Association (2009-07-30). Retrieved on 2009-08-16.


== External links ==
Official competition website
<|endoftext|>
AniZona was an annual anime convention based in Arizona that took place annually on Easter weekend (from Thursday to Sunday), hosted by AniZona Inc., a non-profit volunteer organization. The convention is no longer being run.  The inaugural convention, also the first full-scale anime convention to be held in the state, occurred between March 25 and 27, 2005 at the Embassy Suites in Phoenix.


== Events ==
Popular events included a Cosplay Contest, a Karaoke Contest, and an Anime Music Video Contest. AniZona featured numerous programming items involving voice actors in the anime industry, generally from North America, as well as webcomic artists, though the main Guest of Honor for the first convention was Yoshitaka Amano, and at least one Japanese guest, manga artist Haruka Miyabi, has been confirmed by the convention for the third AniZona. Sponsors have included distributors in the North American anime industry as well as local businesses in the Phoenix metropolitan area.


== History ==
The convention was founded by Anthony Grutta (who served as convention chair for the first year), David Hungerford, and Jason Bustard. AniZona was the first convention dedicated to anime in the state. Although numerous small-scale anime and anime-related festivals had been held, there had not been any anime-specific conventions in Arizona.
After two years at the Embassy Suites Phoenix North, the third AniZona was held at the Phoenix Marriott Mesa and Convention Center in Mesa, Arizona, April 5–8, 2007. There is an attendance cap for the convention. Pre-registration for AniZona 1 was capped at 800–850 attendees, although actual attendance was estimated at higher due to a limited number of at-the-door registrations sold.


=== Event history ===


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Image-based lighting (IBL) is a 3D rendering technique which involves capturing an omnidirectional representation of real-world light information as an image, typically using a 360° camera. This image is then projected onto a dome or sphere analogously to environment mapping, and this is used to simulate the lighting for the objects in the scene. This allows highly detailed real-world lighting to be used to light a scene, instead of trying to accurately model illumination using an existing rendering technique.Image-based lighting often uses high-dynamic-range imaging for greater realism, though this is not universal.  
According to Fxguide, "Almost all modern rendering software offers some type of image-based lighting, though the exact terminology used in the system may vary."Motion picture production makes use of image-based lighting, and it can be seen in movies like 
Monsters University, The Great Gatsby, and Iron Man 2.One reference capture technique, sometimes referred to as "wickmania" by camera technicians and VFX supervisors, involves shooting footage of two small spheres (one matte, one of a light-reflective material) on a physical set. This is used when the IBL will be later applied to an animated object or character that interacts with live objects or characters under the same lighting conditions.
Image-based lighting is also used in some video games as video game consoles and personal computers start to have the computational resources to render scenes in real time using this technique. This technique is used in: 

Forza Motorsport 4 
Rise of the Tomb Raider 
Into the Stars 
SuperTuxKart Image-based lighting is also a built-in feature of the Crytek CryEngine video game engine.


== References ==


== See also ==
Ambient occlusion
Relighting


== External links ==
Real-Time HDR Image-Based Lighting Demo
Lighting models: Image-based lighting
<|endoftext|>
Nikos Xydakis, (in Greek Νίκος Ξυδάκης) (born 17 March 1952) is a Greek composer, pianist, and singer. Born in Cairo, Egypt, he immigrated with his family to Greece in 1963. Much of his music has its root in theatrical music.
Xydakis has collaborated with many of the most influential Greek musicians, actors and directors, including Eleftheria Arvanitaki and Sokratis Malamas. His work includes the music for Theater of Thessaly's historic production of Electra. His professional partner is Theodore Gonis.


== Discography ==
1978: The Revenge of Gypsy-ness (Εκδίκηση της γυφτιάς) – with Nikos Papazoglou, Dimitris Kontoyiannis and Sofia Diamanti, lyrics by Manolis Rasoulis)
1979: So-called (Τα δήθεν) – with Nikos Papazoglou, Dimitris Kontoyiannis and Sofia Diamanti (lyrics Manolis Rassoulis)
1983: First night in Athens (Πρώτο βράδυ στην Αθήνα) – lyrics Michalis Ghanas, Manolis Rassoulis und Nikos Xydakis)
1985: Mania (Μανία), soundtrack for film by Giorgos Panousopoulos
1987: Near Fame for a Moment (Κοντά στη δόξα μια στιγμή) – lyrics Manolis Rassoulis, Tassos Samartzis, Emmanouil Zahos and Thodoris Ghonis
1989: Cairo – Nafplio – Khartoum (Κάιρο-Ναύπλιο-Χαρτούμ) – lyrics Thodoris Ghonis
1990: To Mr. Georgio de Rossi (Προς Τον Κύριον Γεώργιο Δε Ρωσση) – lyrics Dionissios Solomos
1991: Tenedos (Τενεδος) – with Dora Masclavanou and Eleftheria Arvanitaki with Nikos Xydakis. lyrics, Thodoris Ghonis)
1994: Honey of the Cliffs (Μέλι των Γκρεμών) – with Eleftheria Arvanitaki, Melina Kana and Dora Masclavanou.
1996: Calendar (Ι ημερολόγιο)
1997: Cape Tenaron (Ακρωτήριο Ταίναρον) with Elefteria Arvanitaki and Dora Masclavanou, lyrics Thodoris Ghonis)
1999: The Sin of my Mother (Το αμάρτημα της μητρός μου) – lyrics Georgios Viziinos, Thodoris Ghonis
1999: Nikos Xydakis (Νίκος Ξυδάκης) – Sokratis Malamas with lyrics by Michalis Ghanas, Thodoris Ghonis)
2000: Theatrical 6 CD Box with compositions for theater
2003: Nikos Xydakis – Glass Music Theatre with Nikos Portokaloglou, Pantelis Thalassinos, Eleftheria Arvanitaki, Melina Kana and others
2004: Three Unities – with Vassilis Rakopoulos
2005: Second Calendar (Δεύτερο ημερολόγιο)
2006: Hurry up, Time is over (Γρήγορα Η Ώρα Πέρασε) – Eleftheria Arvanitaki, lyrics by Sappho, Odysseas Elytis, Dionysus Kapsalis and Kostas Kariotakis)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Canadian Baptists of Ontario and Quebec (CBOQ) is the oldest union of Baptist churches in central Canada. The organization's headquarters is based in Etobicoke, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. CBOQ is a partner of Canadian Baptist Ministries.


== History ==
In 1880, a Baptist Union of Canada was formed. Since the churches were located chiefly in the central provinces, the name was changed in 1888 to Baptist Convention of Ontario and Quebec (BCOQ).   In 1927 the Fundamentalist–Modernist Controversy resulted in 77 churches splitting off to form the Union of Regular Baptist Churches – out of which the current Fellowship of Evangelical Baptist Churches in Canada merged in 1953.  Even today, in the affected geographic regions, this split results in Baptists to be known as either "Fellowship" Baptists or "Convention" Baptists.  In 1944, the CBOQ joined with the United Baptist Convention of the Maritimes and the Baptist Union of Western Canada to form the Canadian Baptist Federation.  It was renamed in 2008 to "Canadian Baptists of Ontario and Quebec" (CBOQ) to better align with other Baptist groups in Canada:  i.e. Canadian Baptists of Western Canada.
CBOQ meets annually at Assembly, electing officers, addressing issues, and offering workshops. According to its mission statement, "CBOQ exist to equip our churches and leaders to engage in their mission from God in their community." The Canadian Baptist is a monthly e-newsletter and annual magazine that is published by the CBOQ. CBOQ's affiliated seminary is McMaster Divinity College, a part of McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario.  CBOQ's offices are located in Etobicoke, Ontario. CBOQ is a member of the Evangelical Fellowship of Canada, Canadian Council of Churches, and a partner of Canadian Baptist Ministries.
CBOQ provides practical and spiritual support to its family of churches and leaders through resources, workshops, prayer and regular gatherings. Through a grant program, CBOQ also supports a variety of ministries geared toward helping the most marginalized in society.


== References ==


== Sources ==
Baptists Around the World, by Albert W. Wardin, Jr.
The Baptist Heritage: Four Centuries of Baptist Witness, by H. Leon McBeth


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Playa El Yaque (El Yaque Beach) is internationally known as one of the seven best locations in the world having ideal conditions for windsurfing and kitesurfing, attracting enthusiasts from all over the world, especially from Europe. It displays a row of hotels, shops and restaurants close to the beachfront, featuring a wide range of facilities and sport gear.


== Location ==
The beach is located in the south side of Island of Margarita, Venezuela, about three kilometers away from the island's International Airport. The trade winds blow steadily at 15 to 30 knots during most of the year, and the shallow sea extends south of the beach for several hundred meters, allowing fallen windsurfers to stand on the flat sand bottom. As in most of the Caribbean, the water is usually between 21°-27 °C, warm enough to allow windsurfing for hours wearing just a swimsuit or a bikini. On a typical day, up to one thousand windsurfers may be seen sailing at a given moment, along with practitioners of other similar water sports.


== External links ==
The Wind Map
Margarita Island Travel Guide
<|endoftext|>
The zheng (Chinese: 箏; pinyin: zhēng; Wade–Giles: cheng) or guzheng (Chinese: 古箏; pinyin: gǔzhēng; lit. 'ancient zheng'), is a Chinese plucked zither. The modern guzheng commonly has 21, 25 or 26 strings, is 64 inches (1.6 m) long, and is tuned in a major pentatonic scale. It has a large, resonant soundboard made from Paulownia wood. Other components are often made from other woods for structural or decorative reasons. Guzheng players often wear fingerpicks made from materials such as plastic, resin, tortoiseshell, or  ivory on one or both hands.
The guzheng is ancestral to several other Asian zithers such as the Japanese koto, the Korean gayageum and ajaeng, Mongolian yatga, the Vietnamese đàn tranh, the Sundanese kacapi and the Kazakhstan jetigen. The guzheng should not be confused with the guqin, a Chinese zither with 7 strings played without moveable bridges.
The guzheng has gone through many changes during its long history. The oldest specimen yet discovered held 13 strings and was dated to possibly during the Warring States period (475–221 BC).  The guzheng became prominent during the Qin dynasty (221–206 BC). By the Tang Dynasty (618–907 AD) the guzheng may have been the most commonly played instrument in China. The guzheng is played throughout all of China with a variety of different techniques, depending on the region of China and the time period. It has beautiful timbre, broad range, rich performance skills, strong expressive power, and has been deeply loved by many Chinese people throughout history.


== Origin ==

There are varied accounts for how the guzheng came to be. An early guzheng-like instrument is said to have been invented by Meng Tian, a general of the Qin dynasty (221–206 BC), largely influenced by the se. Some believe the guzheng was originally developed as a bamboo-tube zither as recorded in the Shuowen Jiezi, which was later redesigned and made from larger curved wooden boards and movable bridges. A third legend says the guzheng came about when two people fought over a 25-string se. They broke it in half, one person receiving a 12-string part and another the 13-string part.Strings were once made of silk. During the Qing dynasty (1644–1912) the strings transitioned to bare wire such as brass. Modern strings are almost always steel coated in nylon. First introduced in the 1970s these multi-material strings increased the instrument's volume while maintaining an acceptable timbre.
The guzheng is often decorated. Artists create unique cultural and artistic content on the instrument. Decorations include carved art, carved lacquer, straw, mother-of-pearl inlays, painting, poetry, calligraphy, shell carving (jade) and cloisonné.


== Styles and Techniques ==
The guzheng is plucked by the fingers with or without plectra. Most modern players use plectra that are attached to up to four fingers on each hand. Ancient picks were made of mundane materials such as bamboo, bone, and animal teeth or by finer materials such as ivory, tortoiseshell, and jade.Traditional playing styles use the right hand to pluck notes and the left hand to add ornamentation such as pitch slides and vibrato by pressing the strings to the left of the movable bridges. Modern styles use both hands to play on the right side of the strings. There are many techniques used to strike notes. One iconic sound is a tremolo produced by the right thumb rotating rapidly around the same note. Other guzheng techniques include harmonics (Fanyin) where one plucks a string while tapping it at the same time, producing a note in a higher octave.Techniques can be borrowed from other instruments. For example, Lun is a borrowed technique. In Lun, all five fingers pluck on a string to produce a tremolo sound similar to the Pipa.Techniques can also vary in Northern and Southern China, producing different sounds and styles.


=== Northern China ===
Northern styles include songs from the Shandong and Henan regional schools.
Songs from Shandong include "High Mountain and Flowing Water [Shandong Version]" (Gao Shan Liu Shui) and "Autumn Moon Over the Han Palace" (Han Gong Qiu Yue). Songs from Henan include "High Mountain and Flowing Water [Henan Version]" and "Going Upstairs" (Shang Lou).According to Samuel Wong, songs from Henan are fiery. Left hand slides and vibrato are used frequently and tremolo is done with the thumb. Meanwhile, Shandong songs are "glamorous...melodic lines often rise and fall dramatically...Its music is characteristically light and refreshing.” Slide descending notes are not used as often as Henan. Glissandos are always on beat.


=== Southern China ===
Southern styles include Chaozhou and Kejia (Hakka) regional styles. Another prominent school is the Zhejiang regional school in the southeast.
Southern songs include "Jackdaw Plays with Water" (Han Ya Xi Shui) from Chaozhou and "Lotus Emerging from Water" (Chu Shui Lian) from the Hakka School. Famous songs from Zhejiang include "The General's Command" (Jiang Jun Ling).Chaozhou and Hakka songs are similar but according to Mei Han, “Hakka melodies are similar to but less highly embellished than those of the neighboring Chaozhou school.” Songs from Chaozhou use even less descending notes and glissando are free rhythm. Chaozhou songs have "irregular beats, and alternate between hard and soft taps on the strings." Zhejiang songs use technique similar to the Pipa. Frequent tremolo is used with left-hand glissando. Other techniques include sidian, where 16th notes are played used thumb, index finger and middle finger in quick tempo.The guzheng is played on a pentatonic scale, with notes "fa" and "ti" being produced by bending the strings. The scale can change with using "flat", "natural" and "sharp" notes. Chaozhou songs use multiple scales, using both "flat" notes or both "natural" notes. The tone of the song can change based on the scale.


=== Modern Guzheng Music ===

Many pieces composed since the 1950s use new techniques and also mix elements from both northern and southern styles, ultimately creating a new modern school.Examples of modern songs include "Spring on Snowy Mountain" (Xue Shan Chun Xiao) by Fan Shang E, and Fighting the Typhoon (Zhan Tai Feng) by Wang Changyuan.New techniques include playing harmony and counterpoint with the left hand.Experimental, atonal pieces have been composed since the 1980s. For example, "Ming Mountain" (Ming Shan) and "Gloomy Fragrance" (An Xiang) are contemporary songs that do not use the traditional pentatonic scale.


== Notable people ==
Notable 20th-century players and teachers include Wang Xunzhi (王巽之, 1899–1972), who popularized the Wulin zheng school based in Hangzhou, Zhejiang; Lou Shuhua, who rearranged a traditional guzheng  piece and named it Yu Zhou Chang Wan; Liang Tsai-Ping (1911–2000), who edited the first guzheng manual (Nizheng Pu) in 1938; Cao Dongfu (1898–1970), from Henan; Gao Zicheng (born 1918) and Zhao Yuzhai (born 1924), both from Shandong; Su Wenxian (1907–1971); Guo Ying (born 1914) and Lin Maogen (born 1929), both from Chaozhou; the Hakka Luo Jiuxiang (1902–1978) and Cao Guifen and Cao Zheng (曹正, 1920–1998), both of whom trained in the Henan school. The Cao family of Henan are known as masters of the guzheng.Notable 21st-century Chinese guzheng players include Xiang Sihua, Wang Zhongshan, Yuan Sha, Chang Jing and Funa. Although most guzheng music is Chinese classical music, the American composer Lou Harrison (1917–2003) played and composed for the instrument.  Contemporary guzheng works have also been written by the non-Chinese composers Halim El-Dabh, Kevin Austin, David Vayo, Simon Steen-Andersen, and Jon Foreman.
Zhang Yan (张燕, 1945–1996) played the guzheng, performing and recording with Asian American jazz bandleader Jon Jang. Other musicians playing in non-traditional styles include Wu Fei, Xu Fengxia, Randy Raine-Reusch, Mohamed Faizal b. Mohamed Salim, Mei Han, Bei Bei He, Zi Lan Liao, Levi Chen, Andreas Vollenweider, Jaron Lanier, Mike Hovancsek, Chih-Lin Chou, Liu Le and David Sait. Also, Koto player Brett Larner developed innovative works for the guzheng and played the instrument in a duet with electronic musician Samm Bennett on his CD Itadakimasu.


== In popular culture ==

In the television drama series My Fair Princess, actress Ruby Lin's character Xia Ziwei plays the guzheng (although she mimes to the music). It is featured in the 1980 pop hit, "Everybody's Got to Learn Sometime", by the Korgis.

In the film Kung Fu Hustle, the assassins known as The Harpists play a long zither to generate bladed and percussive attacks. The instrument has raised bridges like a guzheng but its body is shaped like a guqin. The sound is that of a guzheng.The guzheng has been used in rock music by Chinese performer Wang Yong of Cui Jian, the English musician Jakko Jakszyk (on the 2011 Jakszyk, Fripp & Collins album A Scarcity of Miracles), J.B. Brubaker of August Burns Red on "Creative Captivity" from the 2013 album Rescue & Restore, and the virtual band Gorillaz on "Hong Kong" (from the 2005 Help! A Day in the Life compilation). Jerusalem-based multi-instrumentalist Bradley Fish used the guzheng with a rock-influenced style and electronic effects on his 1996 collaboration, "The Aquarium Conspiracy" (with Sugarcubes/Björk drummer Sigtryggur Baldursson), and is the most widely recorded artist of loops for the instrument. Mandopop singer-songwriter and music producer Lay Zhang is known for using traditional Chinese instruments such as the guzheng.


== See also ==


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Han Mei. "Zheng." In The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, second edition, edited by Stanley Sadie and John Tyrrell (Oxford, 2001).
Dr Sun Zhuo (28 August 2015). The Chinese Zheng Zither: Contemporary Transformations. Ashgate Publishing, Ltd. pp. 253–. ISBN 978-1-4724-1667-4.
<|endoftext|>
Rhodes (French pronunciation: ​[ʁɔd]; German: Rodt) is a small commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France with approximately 80 inhabitants.


== See also ==
Communes of the Moselle department
Parc naturel régional de Lorraine


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Ko Ngai (เกาะไหง) is an island in Krabi Province, but can better be reached via Trang Province on the southern Andaman Coast. Like many other coastal destinations in southern Thailand, it is known for its diving and long white beaches.


== Gallery ==

		
		
		
		


== References ==


== External links ==
 Ko Ngai travel guide from Wikivoyage
<|endoftext|>
The Nerillidae are a family of invertebrates containing these genera:

Meganerilla
Mesonerilla
Nerilla
Nerillidium
Nerillidopsis
Paranerilla
Psammoriedlia
Thalassochaetus
Troglochaetus


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Nikola Jerkan (born 8 December 1964) is a former football defender from Croatia.
Jerkan was born in Split and started playing football professionally for NK Zagreb.


== Career ==
He started his career in youth ranks of Junak Sinj. In 1982 he moved to NK Zagreb where he played until 1986. Then, he moved to Dinamo Vinkovci where he would spend two years before moving to Hajduk Split in 1988.  Immediately he started playing for the first team and played two seasons before he moved to Real Oviedo in Spain in 1990. In 1991, in his second season there, he was selected for the best defender of La Liga.
He played for the Croatian national football team between 1992 and 1997, attaining 31 caps and scoring one goal (against Lithuania in Zagreb during the qualifications for Euro 96). He played three games at the Euro 96 and was at that point established in the centre of the Croatian defence.
Jerkan joined Nottingham Forest in the summer of 1996 for a fee of £1million. Jerkan's time at Nottingham Forest was traumatic. He struggled to hold down a first-team place and after the departure of Frank Clark never hit it off with new manager Dave Bassett.
He went on a year-long loan to Rapid Vienna of Austria at the start of the 1997-98 season and was never seen in the English game again. He spent the 1998/99 season at the City Ground but played no games.
In 1999, he moved Charleroi where he played during the next two seasons, and then retired. He then moved to live in Oviedo.


== Honours ==


=== Orders ===
Order of Danica Hrvatska with face of Franjo Bučar - 1995


== References ==


== External links ==
Nikola Jerkan – FIFA competition record
Nikola Jerkan at National-Football-Teams.com
Nikola Jerkan at the Croatian Football Federation
Nikola Jerkan at BDFutbol
<|endoftext|>
Nebula Award Stories 5 is an anthology of award-winning science fiction short works edited by James Blish. It was first published in the United Kingdom in hardcover by Gollancz in November 1970. The first American edition was published by Doubleday in December of the same year. Paperback editions followed from Pocket Books in the U.S. in January 1972, and Panther in the U.K. in December 1972. The American editions bore the variant title Nebula Award Stories Five. The book has also been published in German.


== Summary ==
The book collects pieces published in 1969 that won or were nominated for the Nebula Awards for novella, novelette and short story for the year 1970 and nonfiction pieces related to the awards, together with an introduction by the editor. Not all non-winning pieces nominated for the awards were included.


== Contents ==
"Introduction" (James Blish)
"A Boy and His Dog" [Best Novella winner, 1970] (Harlan Ellison)
"Nine Lives" [Best Novelette nominee, 1970] (Ursula K. Le Guin)
"Passengers" [Best Short Story winner, 1970] (Robert Silverberg)
"Not Long Before the End" [Best Short Story nominee, 1970] (Larry Niven)
"Time Considered as a Helix of Semi-Precious Stones" [Best Novelette winner, 1970] (Samuel R. Delany)
"The Man Who Learned Loving" [Best Short Story nominee, 1970] (Theodore Sturgeon)
"The SF Novel in 1969" [essay] (Darko Suvin)
"Short SF in 1968" [essay] (Alexei Panshin)


== Reception ==
P. Schuyler Miller, writing in Analog Science Fiction/Science Fact, called the anthology "less appealing than in most previous years—not because the stories are poorer, but because you have probably read most of them in other anthologies." For those deciding they have already "read too much of the book," he recommends the previous year's volume, which he notes is now out in paperback. After surveying the already-anthologized pieces and where they have appeared, Miller comments on the "one story which may be strange," the Sturgeon piece, "a point-of-view story, and the point it makes is one that even the New Left must call relevant. They may not like it." He also highlights the essays summing up the year's SF novels and short stories.The anthology was also reviewed by Paul Walker in Science Fiction Review no. 43, 1971, Alfred J. van der Poorten in SF Commentary no. 20, 1971, and Ted Pauls in The WSFA Journal no. 77, June-July 1971.


== Notes ==
<|endoftext|>
Thomas Corbett (c. 1687–1751) of Nash, Pembrokeshire, was a British Treasury official and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1734 to 1751.
Corbett was the eldest son of William Corbett of Nanteos, Cardiganshire, and Middle Temple and his wife Eleanor Jones, daughter of Colonel John Jones of Nanteos. He was educated at Westminster School in 1701 as a Kings Scholar.Corbett joined the navy as an ordinary seaman in 1704, serving under Admiral Sir George Byng as a clerk from 1704 to 1705, and as a secretary from 1705 to 1709. In 1711, he became Byng's personal secretary and trusted assistant. In 1712, when he was at Utrecht,  he tried unsuccessfully to obtain the post of secretary to Lord Strafford. He was appointed a clerk in the Admiralty in 1715, when Byng was re-appointed to the board of the Admiralty and secretary to Greenwich Hospital in 1716. He accompanied Byng during the expedition to Sicily from 1718 to 1720 and afterwards published an account. In 1723, he was promoted chief clerk over the heads of all other staff when Byng was Treasurer of the navy, and was made deputy secretary in 1728, when Byng became first lord.Corbett was returned as Member of Parliament for Saltash on the Admiralty interest at a by-election on 6 February 1734, and was again successful at the 1734 British general election. He spoke on 23 April 1735 for the Government against an opposition bill limiting the number of officers in the House of Commons, and in an army debate on 18 February 1737.  On 16 November 1739 he opposed a bill moved by Pulteney awarding all prize-money to officers and seamen of the Royal Navy. On 1 February 1740, he defended the navy estimates.  In 1740 he was appointed Secretary to the Court of assistants for relief of poor widows of navy officers, at £200 p.a. He was returned again at the 1741 British general election. In 1741 he was appointed joint secretary to the Admiralty, until he succeeded Josiah Burchett as Secretary to the Admiralty in 1742. He was returned again as MP for Saltash at the 1747 British general election  but in his role at the Admiralty, had become so infirm that John Clevland was appointed joint secretary to help him with the Admiralty business.Corbett married Mary Lloyd of Duke Street, London, on 31 January 1740. He died on 30 April 1751 leaving one daughter.


== References ==

Attribution 
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Stephen, Leslie, ed. (1887). "Corbett, Thomas (DNB00)". Dictionary of National Biography. 12. London: Smith, Elder & Co.
<|endoftext|>
Gnomidolon friedi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Clarke in 2007.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Kittanning (Lenape Kithanink; pronounced [kitˈhaːniŋ]) was an 18th-century Native American village in the Ohio Country, located on the Allegheny River at present-day Kittanning, Pennsylvania. The village was at the western terminus of the Kittanning Path, an Indian trail that provided a route across the Alleghenies between the Ohio and Susquehanna river basins. The village, inhabited by Delaware (Lenape) and Shawnee Indians, was most likely the largest such village on the western side of the Alleghenies at the time, having an estimated 300–400 residents in 1756. Kittanning was settled in 1724 by Indians who had migrated from eastern Pennsylvania as white settlement rapidly expanded.
The name Kithanink means 'on the main river' in the Lenape language, from kit- 'big' + hane 'mountain river' + -ink (suffix used in place names). "The main river" is a Lenape epithet for the Allegheny and Ohio, considered as all one river.During the French and Indian War, Kittanning was used as a staging point for raids by Delaware and Shawnee warriors against British colonists at Fort Granville in the Juniata River valley in central Pennsylvania. In response, Lieutenant Colonel John Armstrong led Pennsylvania militiamen on the Kittanning Expedition, which destroyed the village on about 8 September 1756.


== Notes ==


== References ==
McConnell, Michael N. A Country Between: The Upper Ohio Valley and Its Peoples, 1724–1774. Lincoln, Nebraska: University of Nebraska Press, 1992. ISBN 0-8032-3142-3.
<|endoftext|>
Ian Uranga Chong (born 22 June 1987 in Durango, Biscay) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Arenas Club de Getxo as a midfielder.


== External links ==
Ian Uranga at BDFutbol
Ian Uranga at Futbolme (in Spanish)
Ian Uranga at LaPreferente.com (in Spanish)
Ian Uranga at Soccerway
<|endoftext|>
Unpaid labor is defined as labor that does not receive any direct remuneration. This is a form of 'non-market work' which can fall into one of two categories: (1) unpaid work that is placed within the production boundary of the System of National Accounts (SNA), such as gross domestic product (GDP),  and (2) unpaid work that falls outside of the production boundary (non-SNA work), such as domestic labor that occurs inside households for their consumption. Unpaid labor is visible in many forms and isn't limited to activities within a household. Other types of unpaid labor activities include volunteering as a form of charity work and interning as a form of unpaid employment.


== Unpaid domestic labor ==


=== Types ===


==== Unpaid care work ====

"Unpaid care work" typically specifically contains everyday activities, such as self construction, self repairing, home tech shopping, barbacuing, vacations planning, child amusing,  cooking, washing, cleaning, shopping for own household, as well as care of children, the elderly, the sick, and the disabled. The term "unpaid care work" is primarily defined as care work for family members, but it is important to note that other types of unpaid SNA work exist that address 'productive activities', which include types of labor such as "growing food for own consumption, and collecting water and fuel".


==== Reproductive labor ====
While unpaid care work is not completely biological, reproductive labor (partially) is. Debra Satz believes that reproductive labor is "a special kind of labor that should not be treated according to market norms"; it includes childbearing and raising/taking care of children and other family members. Childbearing is an act that only those who possess female reproductive organs can perform, making it irreversibly a biological-female's job. Married women, single mothers, or other female family members (such as elder siblings, aunts, etc.) are expected to be the primary actors of this unpaid reproductive labor in their personal lives, on top of the economic necessity of entering the productive, paid labor force. Child-rearing falls under both reproductive and care labor, so, after breastfeeding, any member of the household can take on the job.


=== History ===
The role of women and men within their households is deeply rooted in gender norms and cultural values that have been reinforced over time by colonization and imperialism. For example, as seen in Patricia Grimshaw's research in Hawaii: New England missionaries assumed the roles of imperialists and colonialists by preaching their Christian values to the native Hawaiian population, who, before the missionary women arrived, practiced polygamy (high class-status allowing) and did not trouble themselves with domestic tasks like ironing. The Christian women, in particular, saw it as their responsibility to teach the native women notions of femininity that consisted of remaining inside the home to care for the family and to remain submissive to their husbands. Historically, a woman's position in the home was seen as a  prerequisite to being a "good" wife and mother. Since the 1960s, however, the spread of globalization has given rise to new opportunities for women to participate in market work that has challenged the assumption their primary adult role as that of caretaker for the family and home.The spread of globalization has created more opportunities for women to enter paid employment, but has not relieved them of their time spent on unpaid labor. While participating in the labor market, women who secure paid employment undertake what is known as the "double burden" of labor. Finding the optimal balance of balance of paid and unpaid labor, or work life balance, is a constant struggle for women trying to create careers for themselves while raising children or caring for elderly family members. Women have to constantly decide where to allocate time and financial resources, which impacts their ability to develop their own capabilities. In turn, this decision impacts their family's relative standard of living as measured by national income accounting statistics.
Because of social norms and expectations, the burden of unpaid work primarily falls on the female member(s) of the household. Even if the male member(s) of the household are available to perform the care labor after they return home from their paid job, it is more often seen that the women are taking on the bulk of the care labor after they return home.The traditional view of a family involves a woman in unpaid domestic labor supporting the household; however, under trends of dual earner couples and a gradually aging population, the commercialization of housework and domestic care has become inevitable. Arguments have been made that the value of unpaid domestic labor must always be considered to prevent the exploitation of unpaid workers, and thus should be seen as legitimate employment. There are also arguments that a "caregiver allowance" should be provided to unpaid domestic workers to protect the labor value of their work.Regardless of the methodology used, a variety of studies have shown that the division of household labor results in a disproportionate burden falling on the wives in married couples' households. While this is the case, it has also been shown that the disparity between men and women in married households has been shrinking to some degree. For example, during the Great Recession of the 2000s, low income men increased their contributions to their households by completing more hours of unpaid domestic work.


=== The "feminine quality" of unpaid care work ===
Globally, the expectation of women being the main providers of 'unpaid care' labor has been socially constructed and enforced by gender norms. Even when women are employed full-time outside the house, they may perform a greater share of household chores and childcare activities. As a result of globalization, women have increasingly been expected to take on jobs in both the paid and unpaid sectors, contributing to family income while still being the main providers of unpaid labor. This inequality emphasizes the gender division of labor and how it has changed with globalization's shifts in employment patterns. Furthermore, it illuminates how socially constructed gender norms have created a system that encourages women to continue to carry the 'double burden' of care services. The 'double burden' structure has contributed tremendously to the economic vulnerability of women, as women in financial crises are more likely to be poor, unemployed, ill in health, and uneducated. Women often suffer more during financial crises because they tend to be more generally disadvantaged than men.


=== Double burden ===


==== Definition ====
A double burden, otherwise known as a double day, is the phenomenon that a woman holds a paying job in the labor market and then must come home and work a full day's worth of unpaid domestic work within the home. Due to societal norms and expectations, the burden of unpaid work primarily falls on the female in the household even if she and her husband work the same hours in the labor market.


==== Effect on women ====
Balancing paid and unpaid work obligations is taxing on women. Reports of increased stress levels are not uncommon. In fact, women report higher levels of symptoms related to depression and anxiety, including low life satisfaction and subjective well-being. As women increase their paid work time, they do not achieve a corresponding reduction in their unpaid work hours. Nor have men increased their share of unpaid work at the same rate that women have increased their share of paid work. The Human Development Report of 2015 reports that, in 63 countries, 31 percent of women's time is spent doing unpaid work, as compared to men who dedicate only 10 percent of their time to unpaid work. The double-burden is intensified when women are subjected to poverty and live in communities that lack basic infrastructure. In areas that lack easy access to food and water, household duties are even more time consuming.


=== Data ===
The most commonly used method for measuring unpaid domestic labor is through the collection of time-use surveys. These surveys attempt to evaluate how much time is spent providing different services, such as time spent in the workforce versus time spent on unpaid domestic work, such as cooking. Sarah Gammage conducted time use surveys in Guatemala to measure time spent doing unpaid domestic work within households and between family members. In this study, Gammage found women completed approximately 70% of all unpaid domestic work within a household. Similarly, Debbie Budlenger conducted time use surveys across six countries and found women in each country conducted the majority of the unpaid domestic work each day. The results of her findings are summarized in the chart below: 

In a different time use survey, Liangshu Qi and Xiao-yuan Dong found that, in China men complete an average of 58 minutes of unpaid work a day compared to the 139 minutes of unpaid work a day that women complete.Time-series data collected by the United Nations Statistics Division from 2000 to 2015 directly support the claim that women undertake more than half of household domestic labor all over the world. The largest discrepancy between female and male time-use is in developing countries. The data was collected through a 24-hour diary and then averaged over seven days across 80 countries. In the top ten are three Scandinavian countries (in order from lowest discrepancy in time-use to highest): Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Netherlands and Finland. Out of all the countries included in the data set, Sweden had the smallest discrepancy between female and male time use with a difference of 3.33 hours out of a full day.In comparison, Algeria, Tunisia, Mexico, Iraq and Guatemala each had female-to-male time-use discrepancies that exceeded 18+ hours of work per day. For both Mexico and Guatemala, the proportion of domestic work that women do exceeded the number of hours in a day by about three hours. Women possibly had some days when they performed more housework than usual, which may have skewed the average. Mathematically, the average of spending four hours per day seven days a week on domestic household labor equates to 672 hours per week or 28 hours per day as an approximation.Examining only male participation in domestic household labor, the latest data available for Malawi shows that the amount of housework that men do per day is approximately 1.25 hours, and that is the same length of time that Cambodian men spent on household labor in 2004. Other nations with poor male participation in the division of household labor include Pakistan (males:1.81; 18.06 hours discrepancy), Mali (males: 2.50; 17.92 hours discrepancy), Japan (males: 2.92; 12.01 discrepancy) and Palestine (males: 3.06; 16.11 hours discrepancy).On the other hand, the minimum number of hours that women spend on average occupied by domestic tasks 8.68 hours per week in Malawi. In the United States, the latest available data from 2014 shows that women undertake 14.58 hours per week on household labor. The trend in the division of household domestic labor in countries that have more than one year's worth of data show that, for 14 out of the 35 countries and between a range of 0.99 to 12.99 hours, women's proportion of unpaid labor on average diminished.


=== Gender and unpaid work: the gender division ===
Socially constructed gender roles are prescribed as ideal or proper behaviors for specific categories of male and female. Societies have socially constructed women's roles because women are primarily financially dependent on men as is defined through a 'sexual contract', thus deeming them a "private responsibility of individual men". This construction has resulted in women being domesticated because their primary access to economic support was through marriage to a man. This gender division has made women's needs and rights invisible, which allows men to "continue to dominate women and define them as dependent" and conceals the needed dependency between men and women. This ignored 'dual dependency' highlights the fact that men are dependent on women's "domestic and reproductive labor" just as women are dependent on the income of men.
In many societies the socially constructed role of women includes "giving birth, caring for children, the elderly, and disabled, preparing food and clothing and collecting water, and firework, among others". Furthermore, women's gender roles are socially constructed within the economy as well, because their economic contributions can be easily replaced for men through remarriage or by paying for care services; care work can be bought and sold, but the vast majority of care work is unpaid and is not formally accounted for. The socially constructed gender roles of men being the breadwinners who women depend on and women as members of the domestic sphere have thus been reinforced through economic motives that pose gender relations between men and women as an exchange of support for service. This configuration is based on 'patriarchal control', which is proclaimed to be linked to the "socialization processes where women are raised to be relational" care takers and family structure supports, while men are more 'individualistic' since their role is only tied to providing money. In other words, men provide the money and women are to provide 'unpaid labor'. Consequently, in the field of "unpaid care work" men typically take on far less responsibility than women due to the socially constructed 'gender division of labor' which assigns the obligation of 'caring labor' to women.


=== Effects ===
The disproportionate division of household unpaid labor that falls on women negatively impacts their ability to navigate life outside their homes. Their undertaking of unpaid labor is a barrier to entry into the paid employment sector or in the case of those women who enter paid labor they still are left with a "double-burden" of labor.The UNDP Women and Development Report of 1995 conducted a time-use study that analyzed the amount of time women and men spend on paid and unpaid household and community work in thirty-one countries across the world, including countries classified as 'industrial, 'developing' and 'transition economies.' They found that in almost every country studied women worked longer hours than men but received fewer economic rewards. The study found that in both the 'developing' and 'industrialized world', men received the "lion's share of income and recognition" for their economic inputs, while women's work remained "unpaid, unrecognized, and undervalued." Moreover, in the case of paid and unpaid work hours, the study concluded that within 'industrial countries' women spent "two-thirds" of their total work burden on unpaid activities and "one-third on paid activities" (shares were reversed for men), while in 'developing' countries women spent "two-thirds" of their total work on unpaid labor but "less than one-quarter of the men's" total work was spent on unpaid labor. Additionally, scholar Ruth Pearson argues that women in developing countries tend to shoulder a majority of the unpaid work due to the fact that men refuse to undertake "women's work" because "women as a gender have obligations of others that men as a gender do not bear." The uneven distribution of unpaid care labor amongst the sexes is thus demonstrated globally, although particularly in developing countries such as Nigeria and Ecuador, where women redistribute increased unpaid care labor to females from extended family instead of procuring male participation.


==== Effects of unpaid domestic work on women ====

Time use surveys show that women spend far more time doing unpaid work than men. With women spending more time providing unpaid domestic work than men, women are also spending less time in the workforce and, therefore, bringing in lower incomes to the household. Because women are traditionally believed to bring in less income than men, women are discouraged from investing in education and skills. This further entrenches women into domestic unpaid work, creating a cycle of social norms that is difficult to break and exacerbates gender inequality.This form of gender inequality feeds into the dynamic of 'gender risks', which explains why it is women and girls that are most disadvantaged, as well as why it is more likely for increased poverty to affect women more than men.
Even if women do enter the workforce, they are usually still held accountable for the majority of the domestic unpaid work at home. This phenomenon of having to work a full day in the workforce and then come home and complete a full day of unpaid domestic work is known as the double burden. The double burden negatively affects women because it gives them less time to spend in the workforce, resulting in men dedicating more time to the workforce, and, therefore, likely getting promoted over women. The double burden also negatively affects women's personal wellbeing because it means women have less time for taking care of themselves and sleeping. This can also negatively affect their job performance in the workforce, encouraging male promotion over female.


==== Effects of unpaid domestic work on children ====
Statistics show that many children, particularly in poorer countries and households, are forced to contribute to the unpaid domestic work of a household. Because unpaid domestic work is traditionally the role of women in many societies, the burden of unpaid domestic work falls particularly on young girls who are forced to drop out of school to assist with the unpaid work within their households.


==== Effects of unpaid domestic work on the economy ====
Some economists argue that unpaid domestic work should be included as economic contributions. The economic value of women's unpaid labor is not included in gross domestic product (GDP) or national income accounting indicators. For this reason, the invisibility of women's work makes analyzing the relationship between households and labor markets difficult. In addition, measures of economic output are largely inaccurate. if unpaid work were incorporated when measuring GDP, it would have raised the GDP by 26 percent in 2010.Unpaid work contributes to the economy by producing important goods and services such as meals and cleanliness of the home. This allows other household members, as well as the women who deal with the double burden (considering the fact that they need care labor to survive, too), to enter the workforce and contribute to the overall economy via paying jobs. For this reason, Indira Hirway argues that unpaid domestic work should be considered economic production rather than consumption. Hirway also notes that unpaid domestic work has the attributes of a standard economic good because it is neither free nor unlimited.Unpaid work also affects the labor supply of the economy because fewer women are entering into the workforce due to their domestic unpaid work duties.


==== Effects of unpaid domestic work on the state ====
Unpaid domestic work has a positive effect on a state's budget. Unpaid domestic work is typically the type of work that a state would provide for its citizens if family members were not already providing for their family. This includes things like child care, elder care, medical care, and nutrition. Because these things are being provided by an unpaid domestic worker, the state does not need to expend resources to provide its citizens with these services. Therefore, unpaid domestic work can decrease the amount of money a state must spend to otherwise provide these services. Note, however, that when a state cuts care services for the young, elderly, sick and disabled, the burden of this care is generally placed on female family members, meaning decreases in a state's spending on care can have a negative effect on female participation in the workforce.As noted by Aslanbeigui and Summerfield, when cuts to social expenditures are experienced women and children suffer the most, particularly during financial crises. They argue that cuts to healthcare, education and income disadvantage women in the long-term and push them further into poverty and therefore more reliant on the state.


=== Relationship to the economy and the paid labor market ===
Unpaid care labor is necessary to maintain order in our global market economy. According to Henderson's Cake Model, reproductive labor and care labor are "key to the functioning of all economies."

Care labor maintains the well-being, and thereby fosters the productivity, of those who are performing paid work. Productivity—along with its ability to be used for personal gain by individuals within the system—is used to produce capital. There are two types of capital: financial capital, which maintains the world's Capitalist practices by placing monetary value on everything that can be deemed "valuable," and human capital, which is "the skills, knowledge, and experience possessed by an individual or population, viewed in terms of their value or cost to an organization or country;" economists consider "expenditures on education, training, medical care, and so on as investments in human capital" because they foster health and well-being in those who work towards producing financial capital. Human capital, however, is typically valued less than financial capital because the labor done to contribute to human capital is heavily feminized.Since it has become increasingly necessary for more than one individual in a household to join the paid labor force, care labor (especially cooking, cleaning, and child-rearing in the forms of chefs, maids/cleaning staffs, and day-care workers) has become marketized. "Workers in [care] sectors are often among the most exploited, receiving low pay and working under precarious conditions."


=== Valuation ===
There are three ways to measure the value of unpaid domestic work: the opportunity cost method, the replacement cost method, and the input/out cost method.


==== Opportunity cost method ====
The opportunity cost method measures the value of unpaid domestic work by calculating the amount of money unpaid domestic workers could be making if instead of doing unpaid work they were working in the labor market. For example, if a former female attorney is now a stay-at-home mother conducting unpaid domestic work, the value of an hour of unpaid domestic work is the hourly rate she could make if she were working as an attorney. The major flaw with this method is that two unpaid domestic workers can do the same job at the same proficiency level, but the value of the work will fluctuate based on the workers' prior education and skill level. It is also a problem for women who never held a job, because it is unclear how much money they would be making if they were participating in the work force, rather than working unpaid at home.


==== Market replacement cost method ====
The replacement cost method measures the value of unpaid domestic work by calculating the monetary cost of purchasing that service instead. For example, to value unpaid child care, look at the cost of hiring a nanny, or to value the cost of cooking a meal, look at the cost of eating a similar meal at a restaurant. The flaw with this method is that it cannot account for the added sentimental value of having a mother stay at home with her children rather than a stranger.


==== Input/output cost method ====
The input/output cost method measures the value of unpaid domestic work by calculating the monetary value of the economic goods and services produced by unpaid domestic work and how much these goods and services would sell for in the open market.


== Policy solutions ==
Dynamic policy solutions that emphasize the value of unpaid labor contributions at the macro level and redistribute unpaid labor within households are essential for gender equality. The following section outlines potential policy solutions that have been put forth by other academics.
Requiring data collection at the national and state level The quality and availability of data at the micro and macro levels is an area in need of improvement for the purpose of studying how policies impact the division of labor within households and for calculating the value unpaid labor. Organizations, such as the United Nations Statistics Division, capture quantitative data on the number of hours women and men spend on paid, unpaid and total work hours. Collecting more qualitative data would be additionally useful for determining how to calculate the value unpaid labor, particularly for the market replacement cost method.Investment into public infrastructure  Policies aimed at channeling public funds towards investment projects that create more efficient accessibility to resources are essential for lessening the burden of unpaid labor, particularly in developing countries. As noted by Koolwal and van de Walle (2013), women in rural and developing countries spend a considerable amount of time collecting water. In their study which look at countries in the Middle East, North Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa and Southeast Asia they found that when access to water increased as a result of infrastructure investment women didn't enter into more paid employment, but their overall time spent on unpaid labor did diminish.Subsidized child, elder and care services The state's role in providing quality affordable care services should not be overlooked. Since free childcare would be ineffective at generating income for workers, the services need to be subsidized to ensure that workers are compensated for their labor and that families can afford to use their services. The United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 5 also advocates for the provision of public service, infrastructure, and social protection policies in  recognition of unpaid work.Subsidized energy (non-reliant on fossil fuels) To reduce the amount of time spent collecting fuel for household energy demands, central governments and states should sponsor renewable energy sources for the purpose of reducing the amount of time women spend of fetching fuelwood. In addition, an alternative is investing in biogas production which is a better alternative to standard forms of household fuel given that it is pollution-free[30] leading to a reduction in indoor air pollution that will benefit all members of a household.
Family-friendly workplace policies Shortened work weeks, flexible paid leave and the ability to work from home are possible solutions that would facilitate the redistribution of unpaid labor within households. In Nancy Fraser's article, "After the Family Wage: Gender Equity and the Welfare State" from 1994, she suggests that in two partner households a reduced work week is the most efficient vehicle for assuring gender equality. At the same time, it's essential that policy makers are aware of household dynamics that aren't limited to dual income earning households to ensure that single parents aren't left more vulnerable economically.


== See also ==
Care work
Child care
Double burden
Feminist economics
Housewife
Human capital
Universal basic income


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Matt or Mat is a given name, often used as a nickname for Matthew. Less commonly, it is used as a surname.


== Given name ==


=== Athletes ===
Matt Acton, Australian association football player
Matt Adams, American baseball player
Matt Asiata, American football player
Matt Bahr, American football player
Matt Ballin, Australian rugby league player
Matt Barnes, American basketball player
Matt Bentley, American professional wrestler
Matt Besler, American footballer
Matt Bessette, American mixed martial artist
Matt Biondi, swimmer
Matt Birk, American football player
Matt Blair, (1950–2020), American football player
Matt Bradley, Canadian ice hockey player
Matt Bradley (American football), American football player
Matt Bryant, American football player
Matt Brennan (American football), American football player
Matt Bullard, former basketball player
Matt Burke, Australian rugby union player
Matt Burns, a.k.a. Nick Mondo, American professional wrestler
Matt Cain, American baseball player
Matt Carpenter (baseball), American baseball player
Matt Carroll (basketball) , American basketball player
Matt Cassel, American football player
Matt Cavanaugh, American football player
Matt Chapman, American baseball player
Matt Coates, Canadian football player
Matt Cook (ice sledge hockey) (1987–2010), Canadian ice sledge hockey player
Matt Cook (rugby league) (born 1986), English rugby union and rugby league footballer
Matt Cooke, Canadian ice hockey player
Matt Crafton, American racecar driver
Matt Davidson (baseball), American baseball player
Mat Dawson (born 1972), English retired rugby union player
Matt DiBenedetto, American race car driver
Matt Dickerson, American football player
Matt Duchene, Canadian hockey player
Matt Duffie, New Zealand rugby union footballer
Matt Dunigan, Canadian Football league
Matt Elliott (footballer), Scottish footballer
Matt Feiler, American football player
Matt Fish, basketball player
Matt Flanagan (American football) (born 1995), American football player
Matt Flynn, American football player
Matt Forte, American football player
Matt Garza, American baseball player
Matt Gay (born 1994), American football player
Matt Gillett, Australian rugby league player
Matt Giteau, Australian rugby union footballer
Matt Gono (born 1996), American football player
Matt Hamilton (curler), American curler
Matt Hanousek, American football player
Matt Hardy, American professional wrestler
Matt Harvey, American baseball player
Matt Hasselbeck, American football player
Matt Hayden, professional cricketer
Matt Hazeltine, American football player
Matt Hedges, American footballer
Matt Hennessy (born 1997), American football player
Matt Hernandez, American football player
Mat Hoffman (born 1972), American BMX rider
Matt Holland, footballer
Matt Holliday, American baseball player
Matt Hughes (fighter), mixed martial artist
Matt Jones (basketball) (born 1994), American basketball player
Matt Jones (Australian footballer) (born 1987), Australian rules footballer
Matt Jones (footballer, born 1980), Welsh international football player
Matt Jones (footballer, born 1986),  English football goalkeeper for Belenenses
Matt Jones (golfer) (born 1980), Australian professional golfer
Matt Jones (ice hockey) (born 1983), American ice hockey defenseman
Matt Jones (mixed martial artist) (born 1982), American mixed martial artist
Matt Jones (rugby union) (born 1984), Welsh international rugby union player
Matt Jones (running back) (born 1993), American football running back
Matt Jones (wide receiver) (born 1983), American football wide receiver
Matt Judon (born 1992), American football
Matt Kalil (born 1989), American football
Matt Kaskey (born 1997), American football player
Matt Kemp, American baseball player
Matt Kenseth, 2003 NASCAR Winston Cup Champion
Matt Kilroy, American baseball player
Matt Kohn, American football player
Matt LaFleur, American Football Coach
Mat Latos (born 1987), American Major League Baseball pitcher
Matt Lee, Canadian professional wrestler, better known as Shane Matthews
Matt Leinart (born 1983), American football player
Matt Lentz (born 1982), American football player
Matt Le Tissier, former English International association football player
Matt Light, (born 1978), American football
Matt Lloyd (footballer), Australian rules footballer
Matt Lloyd (Paralympian) (born 1972), British ice sledge hockey Paralympian
Matt McCrane (born 1994), American football player
Matt McGloin (born 1989), American football player
Mat Mendenhall (born 1957), American former National Football League player
Matt Milano (born 1994), American football player
Matt Millen (born 1958), American Football player
Matt Morgan (wrestler), American professional wrestler
Matt Morris (baseball), retired baseball player
Matt Moylan, Australian rugby league player
Matt Mullins, American martial artist
Matt Murray (ice hockey), Ice Hockey
Matt Nagy, American football player
Matt Neal a British touring car driver
Matt Olson, American baseball player
Matt Orzech (born 1995), American football player
Matt Osborne, professional wrestler
Matt Patricia, American football coach
Matt Peart (born 1997), Jamaican-American football player
Matt Perry (rugby player), English rugby union footballer
Matt Postle, Welsh racing cyclist
Matt Prater, American football player
Matt Prince, a.k.a. Wifebeater, American professional wrestler
Matt Pryor (American football) (born 1994), American football player
Mat Rebeaud (born 1982), Swiss freestyle motocross rider
Mat Robinson (born 1986), Canadian ice hockey player
Matt Robinson (American football) (born 1956), American football player
Matt Robinson (footballer, born 1907) (1907–1987), English football player
Matt Robinson (footballer, born 1993), English football player
Matt Robinson (rugby league) (born 1990), New Zealand rugby league player
Mat Rogers (born 1976), Australian former rugby league footballer
Matt Ruff (born 1990), Football player
Matt Ryan (American football), American football player
Matt Scoggin, American diver
Matt Schaub, American football player
Matt Snell (born 1941), American football player
Matt Sokol (born 1995), American football player
Matt Stairs (born 1968), baseball player
Matt Stajan, ice hockey player
Matt Stover, American former football player
Mat Toshack (born 1973), Australian former rugby league footballer
Matt Turk, American football player
Matt Vogler, American football player
Matt Ward (lacrosse player), American lacrosse player
Matt Wieters, American baseball player
Matt Williams (third baseman), American baseball player


=== Musicians ===
Matt Bellamy, guitarist, pianist and lead singer of Muse
Matt Bettinelli-Olpin, original guitar player and co-songwriter for influential punk/ska band Link 80
Matt Cameron, former Soundgarden drummer and current drummer of Pearl Jam
Matt Champion (born 1995), member of boy band Brockhampton
Matt Costa, singer/songwriter from Hungtington Beach, California
Matt Freeman, bassist for the bands Operation Ivy and Rancid
Matt Helders, drummer for the Arctic Monkeys
Matt Heafy, the vocalist and guitarist for the metal bands Trivium and Capharnaum
Matt Hoopes, lead guitarist for the band Relient K
Matt Houston (singer), French R&B singer and music producer originating from Guadeloupe (aka Matt)
Matt Hunter (singer) (born 1998), American Latin-influenced pop singer, now known as Matt Hunter Correa
Matt Johnson (singer), founder and only constant member of multimedia band The The
Mat Kearney (born 1978), American singer-songwriter and musician
Matt Monro, British singer
Mat Osman (born 1967), English musician, bassist of the rock band Suede
Matt Redman (born 1974), English musician
Matt Shadows, vocalist for band Avenged Sevenfold
Matt Garstka, drummer for metal band Animals as Leaders
Matt Sharp, former member of the rock band Weezer
Matt Simmonds, demoscene musician
Matt Simms (American football) (born 1988), American football player
Matt Slocum, former member of Sixpence None the Richer and composer of "Kiss Me"
Matt Sorum, hard rock drummer and percussionist
Matt Traynor, former metalcore drummer of Blessthefall
Matt Tuck, metal singer for the band Bullet For My Valentine
M. Ward, singer-songwriter and guitarist


=== Actors ===
Matt Bennett (born 1991), American actor
Matt Bomer (born 1977), American actor
Matt Cohen (actor) (born 1982), American actor
Matt Czuchry (born 1977), American actor
Matt Dallas (born 1982), American actor
Matt Damon (born 1970), American actor
Matt Dillon (born 1964), American actor
Mat Fraser (fl. 1980s-present), English actor
Matt L. Jones (born 1981), American actor and comedian
Matt Lanter (born 1983), American actor
Matt LeBlanc (born 1967), American actor
Matt Lintz (born 2001), American actor
Matt McCooey (born 1981), English-Japanese actor
Matt Newton (born 1977), American actor
Matt Prokop (born 1990), American actor
Matt Robinson (actor) (1937–2002), American actor
Matt Ryan (actor) (born 1981), Welsh actor
Matt Shively (born 1990), American actor
Matt Smith (actor) (born 1982), English actor
Matt Stone (born 1971), American actor
Mat Stevenson (born 1969), Australian actor
Matt Zimmerman (actor) (born 1934), Canadian actor


=== Politicians ===
Matt Bevin (born 1967), American politician
Matt Blunt (born 1970), American politician and former naval officer
Matt Cartwright (born 1961), American politician
Mat Erpelding (born 1975), American politician
Matt Gonzalez, Green Party politician
Matt Jones (American politician), American politician
Matt Lesser, American politician
Matt Mead (born 1962), American politician and attorney


=== Writers, journalists and editors ===
Matt Barbet, journalist
Matt Boyd (writer), writer of the webcomics Mac Hall and Three Panel Soul
Matt Casamassina, editor for the website IGN
Matt Cohen (writer), writer
Matt Jones (writer) (born 1968), British television writer and television producer
Matt Lauer, television journalist
Matt Robinson (poet) (born 1974), Canadian poet


=== Other ===
Matt Allwright, British television presenter
Matt Clark (baseball) (born 1986), American professional baseball player
Mat Collishaw (born 1966), English photographic and video artist
Matt Cook (historian), Birkbeck College professor
Mat Franco (born 1988), American magician and winner of the ninth season of America's Got Talent
Matt Groening, best known as the creator of The Simpsons and Futurama
Matt Harding, Internet celebrity better known as "Dancing Matt"
Matt Harvey (born 1989), American professional baseball player
Matt Iseman, American comedian and host of American Ninja Warrior since Season 2
Matt Jones (photographer), fashion photographer
Matt Jones (interaction designer) (born 1968), active researcher and organizer of scientific conferences
Matt Kemp (born 1984), American professional baseball player
Mat Kirkby, English filmmaker, winner of the 2015 Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film
Matt Klentak (born 1980), American professional baseball executive
Matt Lucas (born 1974), British comedian, best known for Little Britain
Matt Mullenweg (born 1984), cofounder of WordPress and CEO of Automattic
Matt Moore (baseball) (born 1989), American professional baseball player
Matt Morgan (comedian), comedian and comedy writer
Matt Nelson (disambiguation), multiple people
Matt Pritchett, cartoonist in the UK Daily Telegraph
Matt Sauer (born 1999), American professional baseball player
Matt Taylor (scientist), project scientist for the Rosetta mission
Matt West, choreographer
Matt West (baseball), American professional baseball player


== Fictional characters ==
Matt, a Wii sports character
Matt the Radar Technician, one-time Saturday Night Live character played by Adam Driver
Matrim "Mat" Cauthon a character in the Wheel of Time fantasy series
Matt Del Marco, a character in the Netflix series  Grand Army
Matt Foley, Saturday Night Live parody character
Matt Horner, in the Starcraft franchise
Matt (Death Note) (real name: Mail Jeevas), in the anime Death Note
Matt Jensen, a character in the Netflix series 13 Reasons Why
Matt Murdock, secret identity of the Marvel Comics superhero Daredevil
Matt Oleander, in Degrassi: The Next Generation
Matt Robinson (Neighbours), in the Australian soap opera Neighbours
Matt Ishida, Digimon Adventure
Matthew "Matt" Taylor, one of eight protagonists from the survival horror game Until Dawn
Matt Trakker, a character from the cartoon M.A.S.K. (TV series)
Matt, main character in Cyberchase
Matt Holt, older brother of Pidge from Voltron: Legendary Defender
Matt, a character in the internet series Eddsworld
Matt, a non-playable Mii opponent in the Wii Sports series
Matthew (Matt) Freeman, a character in Anthony Horowitz's The Power of Five Series. He is the main protagonist in Raven's Gate and Evil Star, one of the main characters in Necropolis and Oblivion, and appears briefly in Nightrise.


== Surname ==
Albert Edward Matt, British composer, Grand March: Fame and Glory (Op. 21)
Francis Xavier Matt, German-American immigrant and founder of Matt Brewing Company
Jamille Matt (born 1990), Jamaican footballer
Patrick Matt (born 1969), Liechtenstein track cyclist
Richard Matt (1966–2015), American convicted murderer and prison escapee


== See also ==
Maat (disambiguation)
MAT (disambiguation)
Matt (disambiguation)
Matte (disambiguation)
Matthew (name)
<|endoftext|>
The 2017 Shropshire Council election took place on 4 May 2017 as part of the 2017 local elections in the United Kingdom. All 74 councillors were elected from 63 electoral divisions which return either one, two or three councillors each by first-past-the-post voting for a four-year term of office.


== Results ==


=== Summary ===
All wards are single seat unless otherwise stated
The results below are sourced from the Shropshire Council website.


=== Abbey ===


=== Albrighton ===


=== Alveley and Claverley ===


=== Bagley ===


=== Battlefield ===


=== Bayston Hill, Column and Sutton ===


=== Belle Vue ===


=== Bishop's Castle ===


=== Bowbrook ===


=== Bridgnorth East and Astley Abbotts ===


=== Bridgnorth West and Tasley ===


=== Broseley ===


=== Brown Clee ===


=== Burnell ===


=== Castlefields and Ditherington ===


=== Cheswardine ===


=== Chirbury and Worthen ===


=== Church Stretton and Craven Arms ===


=== Clee ===


=== Cleobury Mortimer ===


=== Clun ===


=== Copthorne ===


=== Corvedale ===


=== Ellesmere Urban ===


=== Gobowen, Selattyn and Weston Rhyn ===


=== Harlescott ===


=== Highley ===


=== Hodnet ===


=== Llanymynech ===


=== Longden ===


=== Loton ===


=== Ludlow East ===


=== Ludlow North ===


=== Ludlow South ===


=== Market Drayton East ===


=== Market Drayton West ===


=== Meole ===


=== Monkmoor ===


=== Much Wenlock ===


=== Oswestry East ===


=== Oswestry South ===


=== Oswestry West ===


=== Porthill ===


=== Prees ===


=== Quarry and Coton Hill ===


=== Radbrook ===


=== Rea Valley ===


=== Ruyton and Baschurch ===


=== Severn Valley ===


=== Shawbury ===


=== Shifnal North ===


=== Shifnal South and Cosford ===


=== St Martin's ===


=== St Oswald ===


=== Sundorne ===


=== Tern ===


=== The Meres ===


=== Underdale ===


=== Wem ===


=== Whitchurch North ===


=== Whitchurch South ===


=== Whittington ===


=== Worfield ===


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Daniel Ménard is a Canadian citizen and former Brigadier-General in the Canadian Armed Forces.Ménard had commanded the Canadian Forces in Afghanistan in 2009 through 2010.
Two different allegations triggered his replacement and demotion.
He was court-martialed for what was described as the reckless discharge of a weapon, while safely back on base.
He was also alleged to have engaged in a sexual relationship with a subordinate.
Ménard resigned from the armed forces.
After his resignation he took a job with GardaWorld, a private security firm.
GardaWorld assigned him to direct its private security operations in Afghanistan.
News of his arrest by Afghan authorities became public on January 29, 2014, when he first appeared in an Afghan court.
He had been arrested on January 12, 2014, following  a visit to an Afghan Ministry.
Accounts differ as to the nature of his arrest.  Some sources assert he was arrested on weapons charges.
Other sources assert Afghan authorities arrested him because his firm did not have, or no longer had, official authorization to perform security operations in Afghanistan.
GardaWorld has claimed his arrest is all due to a simple misunderstanding.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Jennifer Condon (born 1983 in Wollongong) is an Australian conductor.


== Biography ==
In 1989, Condon's mother took her to see the opera The Gondoliers, after which she decided she wanted to be a mezzo soprano. In 1995, at 11 and influenced by Simone Young, she decided to become a conductor. She got in touch with Young and spent her following teen years in the rehearsal room at Opera Australia. She also took music and piano lessons at the Wollongong Conservatorium of Music.At the age of 16, after having discovered Peggy Glanville-Hicks' Sappho opera in the archives of the Opera Australia, Condon asked the opera director Lindy Hume if she could lead and record it.She attended the Kambala School in Sydney on a music scholarship for her high school years. Condon studied operatic conducting with Vladimir Vais during her undergraduate years. She studied music at the Conservatory of Sydney and earned her A.Uus.A and L.Mus.A in piano and a Bachelor of Music Studies. At the same time, she was working as an accompanist for the Melbourne City Opera and conducted The Tales of Hoffmann at the Sydney University Arts Festival.Jennifer Condon moved to Europe in 2005, starting her work as a souffleuse at the Hamburg State Opera where she has worked on more than 40 operas.
In 2009, she was authorized to conduct Peggy Glanville-Hicks' Sappho. While traveling in Bali, she met  James Murdoch, the biographer of Peggy Glanville-Hicks. In july 2012, she made her debuts as an opera conductor at the Lisbon Gulbenkian Orchestra.In 2015, she was selected with 5 other conductors to participate in the inaugural year of the Dallas Opera's Institute for Women Conductors.In 2018, the Peggy Glanville-Hicks' estate granted her the right to the world premiere recording and production of Sappho, the composer's final opera.


== Family ==
Jennifer Condon is the great niece of the music lecturer Denis Condon.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
The Herefordshire School is the name of a hypothetical group of master masons working in Herefordshire and Worcestershire (in England) during the 12th century. The name was coined by Polish-English scholar George Zarnecki. Their distinctive Romanesque sandstone and limestone carvings are to be found in several parish churches in the area, most notably Kilpeck, but also Eardisley, Shobdon and Castle Frome in Herefordshire, and Rock, Worcestershire. Their work draws on a variety of cultural sources for its religious and mystical images; Norman military figures, Anglo-Saxon animals and Celtic abstract patterns combine to create a unique and beautiful synthesis. Despite its overtly religious nature, Herefordshire School work also has a playful, occasionally bawdy approach.


== Carvings at Kilpeck Church ==

		
		


== Sources ==
Thurlby, Malcolm (1999). The Herefordshire School of Romanesque Sculpture.
<|endoftext|>
The Esmeraldas woodstar (Chaetocercus berlepschi) is a rare, neotropical species of hummingbird in the family Trochilidae. There are six different species in the woodstar genus. Most of them are poorly studied due to their small size, extremely similar resemblance to each other, and rarity. Esmeraldas woodstars are one of the smallest bird species. They are sexually dimorphic. The main difference between sexes is that males have a bright purple throat. Esmeraldas woodstars are found only on the Pacific coast of west Ecuador in semi-deciduous to evergreen forests. They feed on the nectar of flowering shrubs and trees. The main threat to this species is deforestation. Esmeraldas woodstars are Vulnerable and require habitat protection.


== Taxonomy ==
The Esmeraldas woodstar belongs to the family Trochilidae and the genus Chaetocercus. There are six species in this genus: the Esmeraldas woodstar (C. berlepschi), the white-bellied woodstar (C. mulsant), the little woodstar (C. bombus), the Santa Marta woodstar (C. astreans), the gorgeted woodstar (C. heliodor), and the rufous-shafted woodstar (C. jourdanii). Previously, these species (besides the rufous-shafted woodstar) were categorized in the genus Acestrura. They were reclassified into the same genus due to their extremely similar morphology. Overall, the Chaetocercus genus is poorly understood. Woodstars are difficult to study because of their small size and elusive behaviour, particularly during non-breeding season.


== Description ==
At only about 6 centimeters long, Esmeraldas woodstars are among the smallest species of hummingbird. Researchers recently found Esmeraldas woodstars at twelve new locations and collected the first female specimens of the species. Previously, the specimens labelled as female were misgendered juvenile males.Female Esmeraldas woodstars have yellowish-brown underparts and a dark greyish-black back, head, and tail. They have green patches on the sides of their chest and the center of their tail. Their tails also have small, cinnamon-rufous tips. They have a white postocular stripe (differently coloured feathers extending from the eye down to the neck). Little woodstars inhabit the same region as Esmeraldas woodstars, and the females of both species appear very similar to each other. Distinguishing features of little woodstar females are their green sheen, cinnamon postocular stripe which is short and narrow (rather than long and wide), cinnamon underparts, and larger size.Male Esmeraldas woodstars have green upperparts with a blue sheen, white underparts, a white postocular stripe, a green chest band, a forked tail and a bright purple throat. Male little woodstars also appear very similar to male Esmeraldas woodstars. In contrast, male little woodstars have ruby-pink throats and are greener on both their upper- and underparts.Male juvenile Esmeraldas woodstars were previously misidentified by researchers as adult females because of their similar appearance and extremely small gonads. Male juveniles have white underparts, a yellowish-brown throat with a few purple feathers, and a distinctive rounded, green tail with a rufous-cinnamon base and pale cinnamon to whitish tips. Young Esmeraldas woodstars that are still nest-bound have yellowish-brown underparts with green and cinnamon wings. Male Esmeraldas woodstars that have recently left their nest are similar to male juveniles but without the purple feathers on their throat.


== Distribution and habitat ==
Esmeraldas woodstars are found only on the Pacific coast of western Ecuador. They occupy a small range which has been mostly deforested. Their range overlaps with the little woodstar. Esmeraldas woodstars inhabit semi-deciduous to evergreen moist forests. They are found anywhere between sea level and 750 meters in elevation. This includes both low elevation areas which have been disturbed by human settlement, and undisturbed, high elevation areas.


== Behaviour and ecology ==


=== Vocalizations and wing sounds ===
Esmeraldas woodstars have been recorded making mechanical noises with their wings during mating. These wing sounds are similar to the "buzzing" of a large insect. They also make high-pitched chirps in quick succession, especially while feeding in a patch of flowers.
Vocalizations and wing sounds


=== Reproduction ===
Esmeraldas woodstars breed from November to April near the coast at low elevations of 30 to 350 meters. These areas are typically developed with cattle ranching and agriculture, but are adjacent to large forest patches. Occasionally, they reproduce directly in mature moist forests. This species displays a specific mating behaviour. It begins with a male defending his perch at the top of a small dead tree. When a female arrives, the male flies directly up above the perch until he is completely out of sight. He then drops down to the perch while making mechanical noises with his wings. They make nests out of balsa wood fibers and a variety of Asteraceae seeds. The fibers and seeds are held together by spider webs and camouflaged with lichens. They always build their nests near the tops of small dead trees (about 5 meters tall). These trees are typically near creeks or roads. Esmeraldas woodstars typically lay two eggs at a time. The eggs are small and white.


=== Diet ===
The most important flower in the Esmeraldas woodstar diet is the Kohleria spicata. These reddish-orange flowers grow on weedy shrubs. The highest abundance of Esmeraldas woodstars were recorded during the peak season of this flower species (January to March). Esmeraldas woodstars also frequently visit Cornutia pyramidata which are small trees that grow purple flowers. At higher elevations, they feed on the nectar of Psychotria hazennii and Razisea cf. ericae. Flowers of the Razisea genus are medium-sized and form dense clumps, making them ideal for small hummingbirds to efficiently extract their nectar.


=== Threats ===
Deforestation in the lowland humid forests of western Ecuador is the biggest threat to Esmeraldas woodstars. These birds inhabit three fragmented Ecuadorian provinces which were all previously connected: Esmeraldas, Guayas, and Manabí. Esmeraldas woodstars rely on protected areas such as the Machalilla National Park to survive and reproduce. Due to poor wildlife management, disruptive human activity still occurs on this land. While researchers were collecting data on this species, they observed logging, hunting, farming, and human settlements within the protected area.


== Status and conservation ==
The IUCN Red List classifies the Esmeralda woodstar as Vulneerable. They were previously believed to have a population of 250 to 999 individuals. These numbers would deem them almost critically endangered. After an extensive study in 2009, researchers concluded that their population size is likely 1,000 to 3,000. This would make them less threatened than previously thought but still a high priority conservation species. Their population is currently decreasing.Habitat protection is crucial for Esmeraldas woodstar survival. Research shows that crucial breeding areas for this species include the cities of San José to San Lorenzo and the large forest patches adjacent to them. Machalilla National Park is one of the only areas protecting this species from habitat loss, but it needs better management to be successful. In 2014, a 38-acre nature reserve was created in Ayampe by Fundación de Conservación Jocotoco, Rainforest Trust, the American Bird Conservancy, and the local Las Tunas community. Their goal is to protect 700 acres of land.


== Relationship to humans ==
Las Tunas is a local community on the coast of Ecuador and a crucial breeding habitat for Esmeraldas woodstars. The Las Tunas community calls this species "Estrellita," meaning "little star" in Spanish. The 38-acre reserve in Ayampe benefits both Esmeraldas woodstars and the Las Tunas community. The local residents depend on water from Rio Ayampe. Preventing deforestation and development of this land ensures that water from the river is available for human-use. Additionally, over 15,000 trees have been planted on the reserve. Many of them are pechiche trees (Vitex gigantea) which bloom small purple flowers. Esmeraldas woodstars feed on this flower and the Las Tunas people harvest the tree's fruit. Because of the abundance of ripe pechiche fruit every spring, they host an annual festival with candy made from the juice. The community also organizes beach clean-ups where children collect trash along the coast, making this area one of the cleanest in the country. Because of the huge impact the Esmeraldas woodstar has had on Las Tunas, the locals now refer to the species as "their" bird, and Ecuador has declared the area protected for tourism.


== References ==


== External links ==
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
eBird Information
Vocalizations and wing sounds
<|endoftext|>
Louis Loewe (1809–1888) was a Silesian linguist.


== Life ==
He was born into a Jewish family at Zülz, Prussian Silesia. After attending Rosenburg Academy and the colleges of Lissa, Nikolsburg, and Presburg, he matriculated at the University of Berlin, where he took the degree of Ph.D.On a visit to Hamburg he was given the task of arranging the Oriental coins in the Sprewitz collection. Coming to London, he obtained introductions to the Duke of Sussex and Admiral Sir Sidney Smith, through whom he became known to scholars and patrons of learning in England. He visited Oxford, Cambridge, and Paris. In 1836 he undertook, under the auspices of the Duke of Sussex and Sir Sidney Smith, a three years' tour in the Middle East, to extend his knowledge of its languages. Near Safed, now in northern Israel, he was robbed by Druses, and continued his journey through Palestine in Bedouin dress. In 1839 the Duke of Sussex appointed Loewe his persona lecturer on the oriental tongues.In 1839 Loewe went to study in the Vatican Library, and Sir Moses Montefiore passed through Rome on his second journey to the Palestine. Loewe had been Montefiore's guest, at Ramsgate in 1835, and he accepted an invitation to accompany Montefiore as his secretary. They struck up a long-lasting relationship. On the mission to Damascus and Constantinople in 1840, and on a dozen more journeys from 1839 to 1874, Loewe accompanied Montefiore. In 1840 he addressed a large mixed congregation in the synagogue at Galata in four languages. On 25 March 1841 he was presented by Montefiore to Queen Victoria.
In 1846 Loewe delivered two lectures on the Samaritans at Sussex Hall, Leadenhall Street, London and in the same year he preached in the great synagogue at Wilna, on the occasion of Montefiore's mission to Russia. He was appointed first principal of Jews' College, Finsbury Square, in 1856, but soon resigned the office. He became examiner for oriental languages to the Royal College of Preceptors in 1858, and in the same year opened a Jewish boarding-school at Brighton.
When in 1868 Montefiore founded the Judith Theological College at Ramsgate, he chose Loewe as principal and director, and he was in post for twenty years. Early in 1888 Loewe moved to London, and he died on 5 November 1888 at 53 Warwick Road, Maida Hill. He was buried at Willesden. A member of the Royal Asiatic Society, Numismatic Society and of the Asiatic Society of Paris, he shunned public life.


== Works ==
Sir Moses Montefiore in his will named Loewe one of his executors, and directed that he should be entrusted with all his diaries and other private papers to enable him to undertake the task of writing a biography of Lady Montefiore. This became a biography of Sir Moses also. It was completed in June 1888, and published in 1890 as Diaries of Sir Moses and Lady Montefiore. Edited by L. Loewe, 2 vols.
In 1841 Loewe prepared an English translation of Efés Dammîm, a series of conversations at Jerusalem between a patriarch of the Greek Orthodox Church and a chief rabbi, written in Hebrew by Isaac Baer Levinsohn in 1839, on the occasion of a blood libel in Soslow, Poland. The circulation of the translation was subsidised by Montefiore. In 1842 Loewe translated the first two conversations in Matteh Dan by Chacham David Nieto, as 'The Rod of Judgment.' He published also Observations on a unique Cufic Gold Coin, issued by Mustali, tenth Caliph of the Fatimite Dynasty, London, 1849, and A Dictionary of the Circassian Language, London, 1854, first printed in the Transactions of the Philological Society.


== Family ==
Loewe married in 1844, and his widow survived him, together with three sons and four daughters.


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Attribution This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Lee, Sidney, ed. (1893). "Loewe, Louis". Dictionary of National Biography. 34. London: Smith, Elder & Co.
<|endoftext|>
My Life in the Bush of Ghosts is a studio album by Brian Eno and David Byrne, released in February 1981. It was Byrne's first album without his band Talking Heads. The album integrates sampled vocals and found sounds, African and Middle Eastern rhythms, and electronic music techniques. It was recorded before Eno and Byrne's work on Talking Heads' 1980 album Remain in Light, but problems clearing samples delayed its release by several months.
The extensive sampling on My Life is considered innovative, though its influence on later sample-based music genres is debated. Pitchfork named it the 21st best album of the 1980s, while Slant Magazine named it the 83rd.


== Recording ==
Eno and Byrne first worked together on More Songs About Buildings and Food, the 1978 album by Byrne's band Talking Heads. My Life in the Bush of Ghosts was primarily recorded during a break between the Talking Heads albums Fear of Music (1979) and Remain in Light (1980), both produced by Eno.
Eno described My Life as a "vision of a psychedelic Africa". Rather than conventional pop or rock singing, most of the vocals are sampled from other sources, such as commercial recordings of Arabic singers, radio disc jockeys, and an exorcist. Musicians had previously used similar sampling techniques, but, according to Guardian writer Dave Simpson, sampling had never before been used "to such cataclysmic effect". In 2001, Eno cited Holger Czukay's experiments with dictaphones and shortwave radios as earlier examples of sampling. He felt that the "difference was, I suppose, that I decided to make [sampling] the lead vocal". The release was delayed while legal rights were sought for the large number of samples used on the album.The album title is derived from Amos Tutuola's 1954 novel My Life in the Bush of Ghosts. According to Byrne's 2006 sleeve notes, neither he nor Eno had read the novel, but they felt the title "seemed to encapsulate what this record was about".Soon after the album was released, the Islamic Council of Great Britain objected to the use of samples of Qur'anic recital in the track "Qu'ran", considering it blasphemy. Byrne and Eno removed the track from later pressings. In 2006, Byrne said:

We thought, "Okay, in deference to somebody's religion, we'll take it off." You could probably argue for and against monkeying with something like that. But I think we were certainly feeling very cautious about this whole thing. We made a big effort to try and clear all the voices, and make sure everybody was okay with everything ... So I think in that sense we reacted maybe with more caution than we had to.


=== Samples ===
The following notes are adapted from the album's sleeve notes and indicate the voices sampled.Side one

"America Is Waiting" – Ray Taliaferro of KGO Newstalk AM 810 (unidentified in the sleeve notes); San Francisco, April 1980.
"Mea Culpa" – inflamed caller and smooth politician replying, both unidentified; radio call-in show, New York, July 1979.
"Regiment" – Dunya Yunis, Lebanese mountain singer; from Music in the World of Islam, Volume One: The Human Voice (Tangent TGS 131).
"Help Me Somebody" – Reverend Paul Morton; broadcast sermon, New Orleans, June 1980.
"The Jezebel Spirit" – unidentified exorcist; New York, September 1980.Side two

"Qu'ran" – Algerian Muslims chanting the Qur'an (same source as track 3).
"Moonlight in Glory" – The Moving Star Hall Singers; Sea Island, Georgia; from Sea Island Folk Festival (Folkways FS 3841), produced by Guy Carawan.
"The Carrier" – Dunya Yunis (same source as track 3)
"A Secret Life" – Samira Tewfik, Lebanese popular singer; from Les Plus Grands Artistes du Monde Arabe (EMI).
"Come with Us" – unidentified radio evangelist; San Francisco, April 1980.


== Packaging ==
The original package design was created by Peter Saville. The cover image was created by pasting small cutout humanoid shapes onto a monitor and pointing a camera at it to create video feedback, infinitely multiplying the shapes. Byrne said of the process: "Somehow, despite it being very techie, these techniques also seemed analogous to what we were doing on the record. It was funky as well as being techie. Extremely lo-tech, actually, and not what you were supposed to do with a TV set."


== Critical reception ==
According to music journalist Simon Reynolds, many initial reviews of My Life in the Bush of Ghosts dismissed the album as "an eggheads-in-the-soundlab experimental exercise." In Rolling Stone, Jon Pareles rated the album four out of five stars and applauded it as "an undeniably awesome feat of tape editing and rhythmic ingenuity" that generally avoids "exoticism or cuteness" by "complementing the [speech] sources without absorbing them". Village Voice critic Robert Christgau was less impressed, giving it a "C+" and finding the recordings "as cluttered and undistinguished as the MOR fusion and prog-rock it brings to the mind's ear," while lacking "the songful sweep of Remain in Light or the austere weirdness of Jon Hassell".In later years, My Life has come to be regarded as a highly influential album, particularly in its use and treatment of sampled source material. AllMusic critic John Bush describes it as a "pioneering work for countless styles connected to electronics, ambience and Third World music". The Independent's Andy Gill found the album groundbreaking in its recontextualisation of sampling in a less overtly avant-garde context, with its sampled sounds instead being "marshalled by funk rhythms into repetitive hooks." Writing in The Observer, Jason Cowley said that its immediate influence was felt "in the work of young artists of ambition, from David Sylvian to Kate Bush", and subsequently on later acts, among them electronic artists such as Massive Attack, Moby, and Thievery Corporation. Chris Dahlen of Pitchfork felt that while its sampled vocals had lost some of their revolutionary impact, the album "mostly" lives up to its critical reputation "as a near-masterpiece, a milestone of sampled music, and a peace summit in the continual West-meets-rest struggle."In a 1985 interview, Kate Bush said that My Life had "left a very big mark on popular music". Pink Floyd keyboardist Richard Wright said it "knocked me sideways when I first heard it – full of drum loops, samples and soundscapes. Stuff that we really take for granted now, but which was unheard of in all but the most progressive musical circles at the time... The way the sounds were mixed in was so fresh, it was amazing." Hank Shocklee of hip hop production collective the Bomb Squad cited the album as an influence on the Bomb Squad's sample-driven production work for the group Public Enemy.


== Reissue ==
My Life in the Bush of Ghosts was reissued on 27 March 2006 in the United Kingdom and on 11 April 2006 in the United States, remastered and with seven extra tracks. To mark the reissue, the entire multitracks for two songs – "Help Me Somebody" and "A Secret Life" – were made available to download. Under the Creative Commons license, members of the public are able to download the multitracks and use them for their own remixes.


== Track listing ==
All music is composed by Brian Eno and David Byrne, except "Regiment" by Eno, Byrne, and Michael "Busta Cherry" Jones.For the 1982 second edition, the track "Qu'ran" was removed at the request of the Islamic Council of Great Britain. In its place "Very, Very Hungry" (length: 3:21), previously released as the B-side of the "The Jezebel Spirit" 12" single, was substituted. The first edition of the CD (1986) included both tracks, with "Very, Very Hungry" as a bonus track. Later editions (1990 and later) followed the revised LP track order without "Qu'ran".


=== Ghosts ===
A widely circulated bootleg of outtakes was released in 1992 as Klondyke Records KR 21. Sound quality is nearly equal to the original CD release.

"Interview" – 3:03 (excerpt from Brian's February 2, 1980 KPFA-FM interview, where he discusses recording the album)
"Mea Culpa" – 4:56
"Into the Spirit Womb"  [sic] (actual title as spoken on the track is "Into the Spirit World") – 6:07 ("The Jezebel Spirit" with the original Kathryn Kuhlman vocals, which her estate refused to license)
"Regiment"  (Byrne, Eno, Jones) – 4:13
"The Friends of Amos Tutuola" – 2:01 ("Two Against Three" in the official 2006 re-release)
"America Is Waiting"  (Byrne, Eno, Bill Laswell, Wright, David Van Tieghem) – 3:42
"The Carrier" – 4:22
"Very Very Hungry" – 3:25
"On the Way to Zagora" – 2:43 ("Pitch to Voltage" in the official 2006 re-release)
"Les Hommes Ne Le Sauront Jamais" – 3:33 ("Number 8 Mix" in the official 2006 re-release)
"A Secret Life" – 2:34
"Come with Us" – 2:42
"Mountain of Needles" – 2:31Except as noted, the tracks are the same mix as originally released.


=== 2006 expanded issue ===
Remastered, with bonus tracks. 2, 3, 7 and 8 are longer than on the original album.

"America Is Waiting"  (Byrne, Eno, Laswell, Wright, Van Tieghem) – 3:38
"Mea Culpa" – 4:57
"Regiment"  (Byrne, Eno, Jones) – 4:11
"Help Me Somebody" – 4:17
"The Jezebel Spirit" – 4:56
"Very, Very Hungry" – 3:21
"Moonlight in Glory" – 4:30
"The Carrier" – 4:19
"A Secret Life" – 2:31
"Come with Us" – 2:42
"Mountain of Needles" – 2:39
"Pitch to Voltage" – 2:38
"Two Against Three" – 1:55
"Vocal Outtakes" – 0:36
"New Feet" – 2:26
"Defiant" – 3:41
"Number 8 Mix" – 3:30
"Solo Guitar with Tin Foil" – 3:00


== Personnel ==
Credits are adapted from the liner notes for the album's 2006 reissue.
David Byrne and Brian Eno – guitars, bass guitars, synthesizers, drums, percussion, found objects (Eno plays the synthesizer solo on "Regiment")
John Cooksey – drums on "Help Me Somebody" and "Qu'ran"
Chris Frantz – drums on "Regiment"
Robert Fripp – Frippertronics on "Regiment"
Michael "Busta Cherry" Jones – bass guitar on "Regiment"
Dennis Keeley – bodhrán on "Mea Culpa"
Bill Laswell – bass guitar on "America Is Waiting"
Mingo Lewis – batá, sticks on "The Jezebel Spirit" and "The Carrier"
Prairie Prince – can, bass drum on "The Jezebel Spirit" and "The Carrier"
José Rossy – congas, agong-gong on "Moonlight in Glory"
Steve Scales – congas, metals on "Help Me Somebody"
David Van Tieghem – drums, percussion (scrap metal, found objects) on "America Is Waiting" and "Regiment"
Tim Wright – click bass on "America Is Waiting"
Rooks on "Help Me Somebody" courtesy of April Potts, recorded at Eglingham Hall


== Charts ==


== Release history ==


== References ==


== External links ==
My Life in the Bush of Ghosts at Discogs (list of releases)
My Life in the Bush of Ghosts at MusicBrainz (list of releases)
Website for the 2006 reissue
Transcriptions, and possible alternatives, of the "lyrics"
<|endoftext|>
In molecular biology, glycoside hydrolase family 47 is a family of glycoside hydrolases.
Glycoside hydrolases EC 3.2.1. are a widespread group of enzymes that hydrolyse the glycosidic bond between two or more carbohydrates, or between a carbohydrate and a non-carbohydrate moiety. A classification system for glycoside hydrolases, based on sequence similarity, has led to the definition of >100 different families. This classification is available on the CAZy web site, and also discussed at CAZypedia, an online encyclopedia of carbohydrate active enzymes.Glycoside hydrolase family 47 CAZY GH_47 comprises enzymes with only one known activity; alpha-mannosidase (EC 3.2.1.113).
Alpha-mannosidase is involved in the maturation of Asn-linked oligosaccharides. The enzyme hydrolyses terminal 1,2-linked alpha-D-mannose residues in the oligo-mannose oligosaccharide man(9)(glcnac)(2) in a calcium-dependent manner. The mannose residues are trimmed away to produce, first, man(8)glcnac(2), then a man(5)(glcnac)(2) structure.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Asahi (朝日町, Asahi-chō) was a town located in Nyū District, Fukui Prefecture, Japan.
As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 9,463 and a density of 208.12 persons per km². The total area was 45.47 km².
On February 1, 2005, Asahi, along with the town of Ota, and the village of Miyazaki (all from Nyū District), was merged into the expanded town of Echizen to create the new town of Echizen, and no longer exists as an independent municipality.


== External links ==
Official website of Echizen (town) in Japanese
<|endoftext|>
Mahmud Dantata (1922–1983) was a Nigerian businessman and politician who represented Kano East  under the platform of NPC in the Nigerian House of Representatives from 1965 to 1966. Dantata was originally sympathetic to the cause of the opposition party NEPU, led by Aminu Kano but after an incarceration, he aligned with the dominant party to defeat Aminu Kano for a seat in the House of Representatives in 1964.


== Life ==
Dantata was born in the Sarari quarters of Kano in 1922. He was one of the most famous son of Alhassan Dantata, popularly known as Mamuda Wapa,a wealthy merchant, Dantata completed his formal education in Ghana. Thereafter, he joined his father's business in 1945. In 1948, he branched out on his own, setting up investments in Tourism, Hotel,Currency Trading, Sugar mill and petrol stations. His hotel was built in Wapa of Fagge quarters of Kano. By 1950, he started exploring ways to transport pilgrims by road through Sudan to Saudi Arabia. He founded a pilgrimage Company which was known as West African Pilgrimage Agency(WAPA), and acquired buses for the transportation of pilgrims. A year later, he started a chartered flight service to transport pilgrims by air from Kano. In the Fagge quarters of Kano, he reclaimed a swampy land to build WAPA house, the area later became known for currency trading. Dantata himself soon dedicated a section of his business to currency trading.In 1957, he was charged with illegal printing of currency notes and was imprisoned. After his release, he switched political allegiance to NPC and won a parliamentary election to represent Kano East.WAPA house diversified into lodging and cinema and the businesses where managed by Sabo Bakin Zuwo who later became Kano state's Governor in 1983.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Keita Iwashita (岩下桂太, Iwashita Keita) is  the  Head coach of the Cyberdyne Ibaraki Robots in the Japanese B.League.


== Head coaching record ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Sir Derek George Jacobi  (; born 22 October 1938) is an English actor and stage director.
A "forceful, commanding stage presence", Jacobi has enjoyed a successful stage career, appearing in such stage productions as Hamlet, Uncle Vanya, and Oedipus the King. He has twice been awarded a Laurence Olivier Award, first for his performance of the eponymous hero in Cyrano de Bergerac in 1983 and the second for his Malvolio in Twelfth Night in 2009. He also received a Tony Award for his performance in Much Ado About Nothing in 1984 and a Primetime Emmy Award in 1988 for The Tenth Man. His stage work includes playing Octavius Caesar, Edward II, Richard III and Thomas Becket.
In addition to being a founder member of the Royal National Theatre and winning several prestigious theatre awards, Jacobi has also enjoyed a successful television career, starring in the critically praised adaptation of Robert Graves's I, Claudius (1976), for which he won a BAFTA; in the titular role in the medieval drama series Cadfael (1994–1998), as Stanley Baldwin in The Gathering Storm (2002), as Stuart Bixby in the ITV comedy Vicious (2013–2016) and as Alan Buttershaw in Last Tango in Halifax (2012–present). Jacobi also portrayed a version of the Master in the long running science fiction series Doctor Who. He later reprised the role for several Doctor Who audio dramas for Big Finish Productions. In 2019, he played Edward VIII, the Duke of Windsor, in the third season of the critically acclaimed Netflix series The Crown.Though principally a stage actor, Jacobi has appeared in a number of films, including The Day of the Jackal (1973), Henry V (1989), Dead Again (1991), Gladiator (2000), Gosford Park (2001), The Riddle (2007), The King's Speech (2010), My Week with Marilyn (2011), Disney's Cinderella (2015), and Murder on the Orient Express (2017).
He was knighted in 1994 and has also been made a member of the Danish Order of the Dannebrog.


== Early life ==
Jacobi, an only child, was born in Leytonstone, Essex, England, the son of Daisy Gertrude (née Masters; 1910–1980), a secretary who worked in a drapery store in Leyton High Road, and Alfred George Jacobi (1910–1993), who ran a sweet shop and was a tobacconist in Chingford. His patrilineal great-grandfather had emigrated from Germany to England during the 19th century. He also has a distant Huguenot ancestor. His family was working-class, and Jacobi describes his childhood as happy. In his teens he went to Leyton County High School for Boys, now known as the Leyton Sixth Form College, and became an integral part of the drama club, The Players of Leyton.
While in the sixth form, he starred in a production of Hamlet, which was taken to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and very well regarded. At 18 he won a scholarship to the University of Cambridge, where he read history at St John's College and earned his degree. Younger members of the university at the time included Ian McKellen (who had a crush on him—"a passion that was undeclared and unrequited", as McKellen relates it) and Trevor Nunn. During his studies at Cambridge, Jacobi played many parts including Hamlet, which was taken on a tour to Switzerland, where he met Richard Burton. As a result of his performance of Edward II at Cambridge, Jacobi was invited to become a member of the Birmingham Repertory Theatre immediately upon his graduation in 1960.


== Career ==


=== Early work ===
Jacobi's talent was recognised by Laurence Olivier, who invited the young actor back to London to become one of the founding members of the new National Theatre, even though at the time Jacobi was relatively unknown. He played Laertes in the National Theatre's inaugural production of Hamlet opposite Peter O'Toole in 1963. Olivier cast him as Cassio in the successful National Theatre stage production of Othello, a role that Jacobi repeated in the 1965 film version. He played Andrei in the NT production and film of Three Sisters (1970), both featuring Olivier. On 27 July 1965, Jacobi played Brindsley Miller in the first production of Peter Shaffer's Black Comedy. It was presented by the National Theatre at Chichester and subsequently in London.
After eight years at the National Theatre, Jacobi left in 1971 to pursue different roles. In 1972, he starred in the BBC serial Man of Straw, an adaptation of Heinrich Mann's book Der Untertan, directed by Herbert Wise. Jacobi appeared in a somewhat comical role, as Lord Fawn, in eight episodes of the 26-episode mini-series The Pallisers for BBC Two in 1974. Most of his theatrical work in the 1970s was with the touring classical Prospect Theatre Company, with which he undertook many roles, including Ivanov, Pericles, Prince of Tyre and A Month in the Country opposite Dorothy Tutin (1976).
Jacobi was increasingly busy with stage and screen acting, but his big breakthrough came in 1976 when he played the title role in the BBC's series I, Claudius. He cemented his reputation with his performance as the stammering, twitching Emperor Claudius, winning much praise. In 1979, thanks to his international popularity, he took Hamlet on a theatrical world tour through England, Egypt, Greece, Sweden, Australia, Japan and China, playing Prince Hamlet. He was invited to perform the role at Kronborg Castle, Denmark, known as Elsinore Castle, the setting of the play. In 1978, he appeared in the BBC Television Shakespeare production of Richard II, with Sir John Gielgud and Dame Wendy Hiller.


=== Later career ===
In 1980, Jacobi took the leading role in the BBC's Hamlet, made his Broadway debut in The Suicide (a run shortened by Jacobi's return home to England due to the death of his mother), and joined the Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC). From 1982 to 1985, he played four demanding roles simultaneously: Benedick in Shakespeare's Much Ado About Nothing, for which he won a Tony for its Broadway run (1984–1985); Prospero in The Tempest; Peer Gynt; and Cyrano de Bergerac which he brought to the US and played in repertory with Much Ado About Nothing on Broadway and in Washington DC (1984–1985). In 1986, he made his West End debut in Breaking the Code by Hugh Whitemore, starring in the role of Alan Turing, which was written with Jacobi specifically in mind. The play was taken to Broadway. In 1988, Jacobi alternated in West End the title roles of Shakespeare's Richard II and Richard III in repertoire.
He appeared in the television dramas Inside the Third Reich (1982), where he played Hitler; Mr Pye (1985); and Little Dorrit (1987), based on Charles Dickens's novel; The Tenth Man (1988) with Anthony Hopkins and Kristin Scott Thomas. In 1982, he lent his voice to the character of Nicodemus in the animated film, The Secret of NIMH. In 1990, he starred as Daedalus in episode 4 of Jim Henson's The Storyteller: Greek Myths.
Jacobi continued to play Shakespeare roles, notably in Kenneth Branagh's 1989 film of Henry V (as the Chorus), and made his directing debut as Branagh's director for the 1988 Renaissance Theatre Company's touring production of Hamlet, which also played at Elsinore and as part of a Renaissance repertory season at the Phoenix Theatre in London. The 1990s saw Jacobi keeping on with repertoire stage work in Kean at the Old Vic, Becket in the West End (the Haymarket Theatre) and Macbeth at the RSC in both London and Stratford. In 1993 Jacobi voiced Mr Jeremy Fisher in The World of Peter Rabbit and Friends.
He was appointed the joint artistic director of the Chichester Festival Theatre, with the West End impresario Duncan Weldon in 1995 for a three-year tenure. As an actor at Chichester he also starred in four plays, including his first Uncle Vanya in 1996 (he played it again in 2000, bringing the Chekhov play to Broadway for a limited run). Jacobi's work during the 1990s included the 13-episode series TV adaptation of the novels by Ellis Peters, Cadfael (1994–1998) and a televised version of Breaking the Code (1996). Film appearances of the era included performances in Kenneth Branagh's Dead Again (1991), Branagh's full-text rendition of Hamlet (1996) as King Claudius, John Maybury's Love is the Devil (1998), a portrait of painter Francis Bacon, as Senator Gracchus in Gladiator (2000) with Russell Crowe, and as "The Duke" opposite Christopher Eccleston and Eddie Izzard in a post-apocalyptic version of Thomas Middleton's The Revenger's Tragedy (2002).
In 2001, Jacobi won an Emmy Award by mocking his Shakespearean background in the television sitcom Frasier episode "The Show Must Go Off", in which he played the world's worst Shakespearean actor: the hammy, loud, untalented Jackson Hedley. This was his first guest appearance on an American television programme.


=== 2000–present ===
Jacobi has narrated audio book versions of the Iliad, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader by C. S. Lewis, Farmer Giles of Ham by J. R. R. Tolkien, and two abridged versions of I, Claudius by Robert Graves. In 2001, he provided the voice of "Duke Theseus" in The Children's Midsummer Night's Dream film. In 2002, Jacobi toured Australia in The Hollow Crown with Sir Donald Sinden, Ian Richardson and Dame Diana Rigg. Jacobi also played the role of Senator Gracchus in Gladiator and starred in the 2002 miniseries The Jury. He is also the narrator for the BBC children's series In the Night Garden....
In 2003, he was involved with Scream of the Shalka, a webcast based on the science fiction series Doctor Who. He played the voice of the Doctor's nemesis the Master alongside Richard E. Grant as the Doctor. In the same year, he also appeared in Deadline, an audio drama also based on Doctor Who. Therein he played Martin Bannister, an ageing writer who makes up stories about "the Doctor", a character who travels in time and space, the premise being that the series had never made it on to television. Jacobi later followed this up with an appearance in the Doctor Who episode "Utopia" (June 2007); he appears as the kindly Professor Yana, who by the end of the episode is revealed to actually be the Master. Jacobi admitted to Doctor Who Confidential he had always wanted to be on the show: "One of my ambitions since the '60s has been to take part in a Doctor Who. The other one is Coronation Street. So I've cracked Doctor Who now. I'm still waiting for Corrie."In 2004, Jacobi starred in Friedrich Schiller's Don Carlos at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, in an acclaimed production, which transferred to the Gielgud Theatre in London in January 2005. The London production of Don Carlos gathered rave reviews. Also in 2004, he starred as Lord Teddy Thursby in the first of the four-part BBC series The Long Firm, based on Jake Arnott's novel of the same name. In Nanny McPhee (2005), he played the role of the colourful Mr. Wheen, an undertaker. He played the role of Alexander Corvinus in the 2006 movie Underworld: Evolution.
In March 2006, BBC Two broadcast Pinochet in Suburbia, a docudrama about former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet and the attempts to extradite him from Great Britain; Jacobi played the leading role. In September 2007, it was released in the U.S., retitled Pinochet's Last Stand. In 2006, he appeared in the children's movie Mist, the tale of a sheepdog puppy, he also narrated this movie. In July–August 2006, he played the eponymous role in A Voyage Round My Father at the Donmar Warehouse, a production which then transferred to the West End.

In February 2007, The Riddle, directed by Brendan Foley and starring Jacobi, Vinnie Jones, and Vanessa Redgrave, was screened at Berlin EFM. Jacobi plays twin roles: first a present-day London tramp and then the ghost of Charles Dickens. In March 2007, the BBC's children's programme In the Night Garden... started its run of one hundred episodes, with Jacobi as the narrator. He played Nell's grandfather in ITV's Christmas 2007 adaptation of The Old Curiosity Shop, and returned to the stage to play Malvolio in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night (2009) for the Donmar Warehouse at Wyndham's Theatre in London. The role won him the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor. He appears in five 2009 films: Morris: A Life with Bells On, Hippie Hippie Shake, Endgame, Adam Resurrected and Charles Dickens's England. In 2010, he returned to I, Claudius, as Augustus in a radio adaptation. In 2011, he was part of a medieval epic, Ironclad, which also starred James Purefoy and Paul Giamatti, as the ineffectual Reginald de Cornhill, castellan of Rochester castle.
Jacobi starred in Michael Grandage's production of King Lear (London, 2010), giving what The New Yorker called "one of the finest performances of his distinguished career". In May 2011, he reprised this role at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.In April 2012, he appeared in Titanic: Blood and Steel and in November 2012, he starred in the BBC series Last Tango in Halifax. In 2013, he starred in the second series of Last Tango, and in 2014, the third series.
In 2013, Jacobi starred alongside Ian McKellen in the ITV sitcom Vicious as Stuart Bixby, the partner to Freddie Thornhill, played by McKellen. On 23 August 2013 the show was renewed for a six-episode second series which began airing in June 2015. The show ended in December 2016, with a Christmas special.
Since 2017, Jacobi has again portrayed The Master in several box set series for Big Finish Productions, collectively entitled "The War Master".
In 2018, he played the Bishop of Digne in the BBC miniseries Les Misérables.
In 2019 he reprised the role of the emperor Claudius in "Horrible Histories: The Movie - Rotten Romans".


== Shakespeare authorship involvement ==

Jacobi has been publicly involved in the Shakespeare authorship question. He supports the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship, according to which Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford wrote the works of Shakespeare. Jacobi  has given an address to the Shakespeare Authorship Research Centre promoting de Vere as the Shakespeare author and wrote forewords to two books on the subject in 2004 and 2005.In 2007, Jacobi and fellow Shakespearean actor and director Mark Rylance initiated a "Declaration of Reasonable Doubt" on the authorship of Shakespeare's work, to encourage new research into the question.
In 2011, Jacobi accepted a role in the film Anonymous, about the Oxfordian theory, starring Rhys Ifans and Vanessa Redgrave. In the film Jacobi narrates the Prologue and Epilogue, set in modern-day New York, while the film proper is set in Elizabethan England. Jacobi said that making the film was "a very risky thing to do", stating "the orthodox Stratfordians are going to be apoplectic with rage".In 2018, Jacobi received the World United Creator – Platinum Demiurge Award for his tremendous contribution to uniting and promoting world literature based on his efforts to introduce William Shakespeare into modern cinema.


== Personal life ==
In March 2006, four months after civil partnerships were introduced in the United Kingdom, Jacobi registered his civil partnership with theatre director Richard Clifford, his partner of 30 years. They live in West Hampstead, North West London.Along with his Vicious co-star Ian McKellen, he was a Grand Marshal of the 46th New York City Gay Pride March in 2015.Jacobi is an atheist.


== Filmography ==


=== Film ===


=== Television ===


== Theatre ==


== Honours ==
1985: Commander of the Order of the British Empire (United Kingdom)
1989: Knight 1st class of the Order of the Dannebrog (Denmark)
1994: Knight Bachelor, for services to Drama (United Kingdom)


== Awards and nominations ==
TheatreTelevisionFilmEnsemble
Audio
Honorary


== See also ==
List of actors who have appeared in multiple Best Picture Academy Award winners
List of Oxfordian theory supporters


== References ==


== External links ==
Derek Jacobi at the Internet Broadway Database 
Derek Jacobi at IMDb
Derek Jacobi at the BFI's Screenonline
"Jacobi, Sir Derek (George)", Who's Who 2008, A & C Black, 2008; online edition, Oxford University Press, December 2007. Retrieved 22 October 2008.
<|endoftext|>
Last Scene (stylized in all caps) is the eighth studio album by Japanese singer and songwriter Rina Aiuchi, released on July 28, 2010 by Giza Studio. The album has yielded four singles, including a Japan top thirty hit single, "Hanabi". After the album release, she went into hiatus due to health issues.The album reached number 8 on the Oricon weekly albums charts in its first week and charted for six weeks.


== Promotion ==


=== Singles ===
As a first part of the weekly project of releasing a song every week on the three consecutive weeks, "Good Days" was released as the lead single from the album on 14 April 2010. The released was followed by two other singles: "Sing a Song" and "C Love R".
"Hanabi" was released on 28 July 2010 as the fourth single of the album. The song served as the theme song to the Japanese television show Happy Music. The song reached number twenty-eight on the Oricon singles chart, selling approximately 6,152 copies nationwide. The single was a commercial failure, becoming Aiuchi's lowest-charting and least-selling single as of September 2018.


== Track listing ==
All lyrics are written by Rina Aiuchi.


== Charts ==


== Certification and sales ==


== Release history ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Bonellia  is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.This genus has become a synonym of Niso Risso, 1826
Not to be confounded with Bonellia Rolando, 1822, a genus of worms in the family Bonelliidae of which it is a junior homonym.


== Species ==
Bonellia obtusa Anton, 1838 (taxon inquirendum)Species brought into synonymy
Bonellia brunnea (Sowerby I, 1834): synonym of Niso brunnea (G. B. Sowerby I, 1834)
Bonellia imbricata (Sowerby I, 1834): synonym of Niso imbricata (G. B. Sowerby I, 1834)
Bonellia interrupta (Sowerby I, 1834): synonym of Niso interrupta (G. B. Sowerby I, 1834)
Bonellia splendidula (Sowerby I, 1834): synonym of Niso splendidula (G. B. Sowerby I, 1834)


== References ==


== External links ==
To World Register of Marine Species
<|endoftext|>
Aparna Sen (née Dasgupta, Ôporna Shen; born 25 October 1945) is an Indian film director, screenwriter and actress who is known for her work in Bengali cinema. She has received multiple awards, including nine National Film Awards and a Padma Shri.


== Early life and education ==
Sen was born in a Bengali family, originally from Cox's Bazar in Chittagong District (now in Bangladesh). Her father was the veteran critic and filmmaker Chidananda Dasgupta. Her mother Supriya Dasgupta was a  costume designer and earned the National Film Award for Best Costume Design for Chidananda's directorial venture Amodini (1995), at the age of 73. Sen is a relative of Bengali poet Jibanananda Das. Sen spent her childhood in Hazaribagh and Kolkata and had her schooling at Modern High School for Girls, Kolkata, India. She studied for her B.A. in English at Presidency College, but did not complete the degree.


== Career ==


=== Actor ===
Sen made her film debut at the age of 15, when she played the role of Mrinmoyee in the Samapti portion of the 1961 film Teen Kanya (Three Daughters) directed by Satyajit Ray (who was a longtime friend of her father's). She then studied at Kolkata's Presidency College.
At fifteen she was photographed by Brian Brake for the well-known photo from his 1960 "Monsoon" series of photographs; the photo appeared on the cover of Life.In 2009, Sen appeared with Sharmila Tagore and Rahul Bose in Annirudh Roy-Chowdhary's Bengali film Antaheen. The film went on to win four National Film Awards.


=== Director ===
In 2009, Sen announced her next Bengali film Iti Mrinalini, which starred Konkona Sen Sharma, Aparna Sen, Rajat Kapoor, Kaushik Sen, and Priyanshu Chatterjee. First-time screenwriter Ranjan Ghosh co-authored Iti Mrinalini. This was the first time that Sen collaborated with any film writer or became attached to the curriculum of a film institute. The screenplay of Iti Mrinalini was an assignment in the Screenwriting syllabus at the Mumbai-based film school Whistling Woods International. It was also a major first in Indian screenwriting, as the first time that any screenplay from an Indian film institute was actually filmed. The film was released on 29 July 2011.
In 2013, her film Goynar Baksho (The Jewellery Box) was released depicting three generations of women and their relationship to a box of jewels. It ran to packed houses and won critical acclaim from reviewers and critics. Thereafter, in 2015, Arshinagar, an adaptation of Romeo and Juliet was released.In 2017, Sonata—an English film written and directed by Sen—was released. Adapted from a play by Mahesh Elkunchwar, the film examines the life of three middle-aged unmarried friends played by Aparna Sen, Shabana Azmi and Lillete Dubey.


== Awards ==

Padma Shri - the fourth highest civilian award by the Government of India in 1987.
National Film Award for Best Direction for 36 Chowringhee Lane in 1981
National Film Award for Best Feature Film in English for36 Chowringhee Lane in 1981.
National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Bengali for Paroma in 1984.
National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Bengali for Yugant in 1995.
National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Bengali,for Paromitar Ek Din in 2000.
National Film Award for Best Direction for Mr. and Mrs. Iyer in 2002.
Nargis Dutt Award for Best Feature Film on National Integration for Mr. and Mrs. Iyer in 2002.
National Film Award for Best Screenplay for Mr. and Mrs. Iyer in 2002.
National Film Award for Best Feature Film in English for 15 Park Avenue in 2005.
Karlovy Vary International Film Festival
Filmfare Awards East-Best Actress Award for Sujata in 1974.
Filmfare Awards East-Best Actress Award for Asamaya in 1976.
Filmfare Awards East-Best Actress Award for Bijoyini in 1982.
Filmfare Awards East-Best Actress Award for Indira in 1983.
Filmfare Awards East-Best Director Award for Parama in 1985.
BFJA Award-Best Actress Award for Aparachito in 1970
BFJA Award-Best Actress Award for Sujata in 1975
BFJA Award-Best Director Award for Parama in 1986
BFJA Award-Best Screenplay Award for Parama in 1986
BFJA Award-Best Actress Award for Ekanto Apan in 1988
BFJA Award-Best Supporting Actress Award for Mahaprithibi in 1992
BFJA Award-Best Actress Award for Swet Patharer Thala in 1993
BFJA Award-Best Supporting Actress Award for Unishr April in 1997
BFJA Award- Babulal Chowkhani Memorial Trophy for Original Story-Yugant in 1997
BFJA Award-Best Actress Award for Paramitar Ek Din in 2001
BFJA Award- Babulal Chowkhani Memorial Trophy for Original Story and Screenplay forParamitar Ek Din in 2001
BFJA Award-Most Outstanding Work of the Year for Mr. and Mrs. Iyer in 2003
BFJA Award-Life Time Achievement Award in 2013
Anandalok Award-Best Actress in 2001
Anandalok Award-Best Actress for "Titlee" in 2002
Kalakar Award-Best Actress (Stage) Award for Bhalo Kharab Meye in 1993
Kalakar Awards for Best Director for Paromitar Ek Dinin 2000.
Kalakar Award-Best Director Award for Iti Mrinalini in 2012


== Honors ==
Sen has served on juries at film festivals around the world. In 1989 she was a member of the jury at the 16th Moscow International Film Festival. In 2008, she was elected into the International Jury of the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In 2013, she headed the jury of the second Ladakh International Film Festival.From 1986 to 2005, Sen was the editor of the fortnightly Sananda, a Bengali women's magazine (published by the Ananda Bazar Patrika group) that enjoys equal popularity in West Bengal and Bangladesh. From November 2005 to December 2006, she was associated with the Bengali 24x7 infotainment channel Kolkata TV as Creative Director. In 2011 she took charge as the editor of the magazine Paroma launched by the Saradha Group.  Following the Saradha Group financial scandal, Paroma ran into trouble. It finally closed down on 14 April 2013. Sen and her editorial team launched a new magazine called Prathama Ekhon, which was short-lived.In 1987, the then President of India, Giani Zail Singh bestowed the Padma Shri on Sen in recognition of her contribution to Indian cinema. Since then, she has received several lifetime achievement awards.


== Filmography ==


== Bibliography ==
Parama and other outsiders: the cinema of Aparna Sen, by Shoma A. Chatterji. Parumita Publications, 2002. ISBN 81-87867-03-5.
Aparna Sen calls the shots (Women in Indian film), by Rajashri Dasgupta. Zubaan, 2009.


== References ==


== External links ==
Aparna Sen at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
The 2019 Asian Shotgun Championships was the 9th Asian Shotgun Championships which took place from 20 to 30 September 2019, at Asanov Shooting Club, Almaty, Kazakhstan.


== Medal summary ==


=== Men ===


=== Women ===


=== Mixed ===


== Medal table ==


== References ==

Results Book


== External links ==
Asian Shooting Confederation
<|endoftext|>
This is a list of characters from the British science fiction television programme Torchwood, created by Russell T Davies. This list includes main characters, recurring characters and important guest characters. The main characters typically function as a team, defending the planet from alien and nefarious human threats. The series operated with a "monster of the week" format for its first two series before adopting a serial-based format for its third and fourth series, which feature an extended recurring cast of supporting characters.


== Main characters ==


=== Jack Harkness ===

Jack Harkness, played by Scottish-American actor John Barrowman, is the leader of Torchwood Three. A former Time Agent born in the 51st century, Jack had two years of his memories wiped by the Time Agency and subsequently became a con man operating in the 20th century, where he stole the name of "Captain Jack Harkness"; his real name is unknown. After meeting the Ninth Doctor in Doctor Who, Jack reformed and changed his ways, and after a stint as the Doctor's time travelling companion found his way to Torchwood in the 19th century. Cursed with immortality following his previous adventure with the Doctor, Jack served Torchwood on-and-off for centuries, eventually becoming its leader at the start of the 21st century, and handpicking a new team for himself thereafter. As a result of his immortality, Jack has lived a long life, in which he has seen the loss of his brother Gray, his grandson Stephen, and numerous lovers, both male and female.


=== Gwen Cooper ===

Gwen Cooper, played by Welsh actress Eve Myles, was recruited into Torchwood Three in the series premiere "Everything Changes". A policewoman, partnered with PC Andy Davidson, Gwen by the second series becomes elevated to the team's second-in-command in her own mind, after taking control as leader during Jack's absence. Despite their relationship being tested by Gwen's dishonesty, feelings for Jack Harkness and a tempestuous affair with Owen Harper, Gwen and her live-in boyfriend Rhys eventually get married. Gwen is one of two surviving agents following the destruction of the Cardiff branch of the Torchwood Institute, and goes into hiding following the birth of daughter Anwen. During Miracle Day she is conflicted between her Torchwood duties and her responsibility to her baby daughter and severely ill father.
Her family has lived in Wales for generations, and it is suggested by the Doctor (David Tennant) and Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) that Gwen is related to the Gwyneth (also portrayed by Eve Myles) whom they met in Cardiff in 1869 in "The Unquiet Dead", due to spatial genetic multiplicity.


=== Owen Harper ===

Doctor Owen Harper, played by American-born English actor Burn Gorman, is Torchwood Three's medical officer. After he loses his fiancée to an alien parasite, Owen's genius and determination are recognised by Captain Jack and he is recruited into the institute. Owen has many short-lived sexual relationships with women such as Suzie Costello and Gwen Cooper but remains largely indifferent to the affections of colleague Toshiko Sato. In Torchwood series 2, Owen is killed by Aaron Copley, and having been resurrected with alien technology is left in a state of living death; cheating death proves short-lived, as Owen is seemingly vaporised in a surge of radiation in the series 2 finale, "Exit Wounds".


=== Toshiko Sato ===

Toshiko Sato, played by Japanese-born British actress Naoko Mori, is Torchwood Three's technical expert and computer specialist. The character first appeared in the Doctor Who episode "Aliens of London", although this experience was not mentioned in Torchwood until her final appearance in the episode "Exit Wounds", where it was revealed that she was covering for team medic Owen. Toshiko is quiet, fiercely private and professional. A fantastic genius, she was recruited into Torchwood after being imprisoned by a similar organization, UNIT, from whom she stole design plans for a "sonic modulator" in a bid to free her captured mother. Working for Torchwood Three, Toshiko perfected the "Rift Manipulator" device for the organization. Throughout the series, Toshiko is seen to harbor feelings for Owen Harper; she confesses the extent of her feelings on her death-bed as Owen laments never managing to take her on the date he promised her.


=== Ianto Jones ===

Ianto Jones, played by Welsh actor Gareth David-Lloyd, is Torchwood Three's support man. His job initially involves managing clean-up operations concerning Torchwood's various activities and providing tea and coffee, although his role later expands to accompanying the team on field missions. Having transferred to Torchwood Three from the head branch in London (Torchwood One), Ianto at first has the main motivation of simply housing his partially cyber-converted girlfriend Lisa Hallett, who later breaks loose and is exterminated by the team in "Cyberwoman". He enters into a sexual relationship with Jack in the first series, which meets with mixed reactions from the other characters; Owen, for example, characterises him as Jack's "part time shag". Ianto never received full security in his relationship with Jack or with his sexuality; shortly after he became secure with their being labelled a "couple", he was killed by a virus in episode four of the 2009 serial Children of Earth.


=== Rhys Williams ===

Rhys Alun Williams, portrayed by Welsh actor Kai Owen, is a recurring character in the first two series and a main cast member from the third series onwards. Rhys is initially introduced as Gwen's oblivious live-in boyfriend, but as the series progresses he becomes aware of the existence of extraterrestrial life, and the true nature of Gwen's job. The two marry in the episode "Something Borrowed" and proclaim a relationship based on truth. When the government attempt to assassinate Gwen Cooper in Children of Earth, Rhys goes on the run with the team, assisting his wife in lieu of a fourth team member following the deaths of Tosh and Owen. Though he would rather live a domestic life with Gwen and their daughter Anwen in the fourth series, Rhys again finds himself having to assist Torchwood—which is no longer an official government agency, but rather a band of fugitives—over the course of the fourth series.


=== Rex Matheson ===

Rex Matheson, played by American actor Mekhi Phifer, is a field agent for the CIA whose investigation into Torchwood leads him to join the organisation after he is betrayed by the CIA. Rex is immediately connected to the supernatural event which is preventing humans from dying; he survives a fatal wound to the heart in the first episode of Miracle Day. Well-trained within the CIA, Rex finds himself frustrated by Jack and Gwen's ad hoc and sometimes unprofessional approach to field work, and also by Esther's lack of experience. He befriends and romances Vera Juarez, and is appalled at what happens to her. As the series progresses, Rex softens to his teammates, particularly Esther who he is unwilling to sacrifice at the expense of the world. After the Miracle ends, Rex is horrified to discover he seems to be Immortal in the same vein as Captain Jack.


=== Esther Drummond ===

Esther Drummond, played by American actress Alexa Havins, is an analyst working for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) alongside Rex Matheson, whose lifestyle as a field agent she romantically envies. After her investigation into Torchwood leads to her betrayal by the CIA, she joins Torchwood. Though a rookie in the field, she provides the team with a competent computer analyst and hacker as they investigate the so-called miracle which has prevented death from occurring to human beings on Earth. As the series progresses, Esther also takes part in the team's undercover operations and at one point spends two months on the run with Jack Harkness in Scotland. She is eventually fatally shot in Buenos Aires as a measure to persuade Rex not to reverse the Miracle.


=== Oswald Danes ===

Oswald Danes, played by American actor Bill Pullman, is a former schoolteacher; in 2006, he was convicted and sentenced to death in Kentucky for raping and murdering a 12-year-old girl named Susie Cabina. His only defense for the crime was that "she should've run faster". He is executed by lethal injection in a Kentucky penitentiary; though the execution is carried out, Danes does not die thanks to Miracle Day. As a convicted murderer and child rapist, Danes is vilified by the public, but opinions begin to change when he tearfully expresses remorse for his crimes in a television interview. After she offers him protection and exposure Danes accepts an offer of representation from Jilly Kitzinger and enjoys a brief media career. Danes ultimately kills himself with a bomb at the climax of Miracle Day.


== Supporting characters introduced by series ==


=== Series one (2006–07) ===


==== Suzie Costello ====
Suzie Costello, portrayed by Indira Varma, is a principal character in the first episode "Everything Changes". The second-in-command of Torchwood Three, the Cardiff-based wing of the Torchwood Institute, she has been researching a piece of alien technology, a glove which has the ability to resurrect creatures that have recently died, but only for a short period of time. It is revealed later in the episode that she has been murdering people in order to create test subjects for the Glove, having become obsessed with trying to make it work permanently. While confessing her crimes to Gwen Cooper, she prepares to shoot Gwen in order to cover up her crimes, when Jack arrives. Suzie shoots Jack in the head, but he rises again due to his inability to die, and she commits suicide by placing the muzzle beneath her chin and shooting herself instead. In "They Keep Killing Suzie", the Torchwood team brings her back to life using the Resurrection Gauntlet (wielded by Gwen) and the "Life Knife". Unknown to the team, this was part of a plan that Suzie set up months before her death. She appears to be resurrected permanently and unable to be killed. However, this is because the gauntlet is continuing to transfer life energy between her and Gwen. Suzie feels inferior to and resents Gwen for "replacing" her in all areas, including having a relationship with Owen Harper. When asked what she experienced while dead, she initially claims that she remembers nothing but darkness, but later tells Jack that she sensed something in the darkness that is coming for him. Suzie manipulates Gwen into freeing her from the base and subsequently murders her own father. Expressing regret over Gwen's impending death but still willing to sacrifice her to remain alive, Suzie continues draining Gwen's life energy and remains alive even after Jack shoots her multiple times, until Toshiko Sato destroys the gauntlet, breaking the energy transfer and finally killing Suzie once more. Jack tells Ianto Jones to record the multiple causes of death as "Death by Torchwood".Suzie has a leading role in the novel Long Time Dead, a prequel to Torchwood: Miracle Day.


==== Andy Davidson ====

Andy Davidson, played by Tom Price, is Gwen Cooper's former police partner, an officer for the South Wales Police in Cardiff. Price is credited as a guest star in all four series. PC Andy first appears in Torchwood's première episode, "Everything Changes" and reappears on a semi-regular basis. Andy had a crush on Gwen when the two worked together and still has feelings for her. Whilst he never quite understands the function of the Torchwood Institute, he appreciates that Gwen's work for Torchwood involves "spooky", extraterrestrial situations, and therefore comes to trust them. When his loyalties are put to the test in Children of Earth he sides with Gwen rather than follow government procedure. In Miracle Day, Andy is now a sergeant and one of few people to have Gwen's contact details while she is in hiding. He is later forced to assist the CIA with her rendition to the United States by Rex Matherson.


==== Lisa Hallett ====
Lisa Hallett, played by Caroline Chikezie, is introduced in "Cyberwoman" as a former employee of Torchwood One in London and ex-girlfriend of Ianto Jones. It is established that during the "Battle of Canary Wharf"  the Cybermen needed more troops and began directly converting people rather than transplanting their brains into Cyberman shells. Lisa is in the midst of conversion when Ianto rescues her, taking her and a support system to Torchwood Three where he keeps her in a basement until he can restore her humanity. Once freed from the unit, her Cyberman persona asserts itself and she attempts to take over the Hub in order to use it as a base for a new Cyber army. Seeing how far Ianto has gone to protect her, she transplants her brain into the body of a pizza delivery girl so they can be together. Still claiming they could both be upgraded, her new body is shot and killed by the rest of the Torchwood team. What appeared to be Lisa's spirit reappears in "End of Days", urging Ianto to open the Rift.


==== Cannibal villagers ====
Evan, Helen and nephew Huw Sherman, portrayed by Owen Teale, Maxine Evans, and Rhys ap Trefor respectively, are residents from a village with a very strange tradition in the episode "Countrycide". Once every ten years the villagers cannibalise any travellers passing by, through, or to their village. The Torchwood team travelled to the vicinity of the village in order to investigate disappearances in the area, thinking they could be connected to the Rift; when they were drawn into a trap orchestrated by the villagers, they discovered their unsettling secret. When the apparent ringleader of the group, Evan, was eventually captured and questioned, the only reason he gave for following this tradition was that "it made me happy."


==== Mary ====

Mary portrayed by Daniela Denby-Ashe is featured in Greeks Bearing Gifts as a 19th-century prostitute. After fleeing from one of her potential johns, a soldier, Mary encountered an alien (later to be discovered as an Arcateenian) in the woods. The alien took over Mary's body and used it to live through the remainder of the 19th and 20th centuries. The Arcateenian later used Mary's preserved body to seduce Toshiko Sato.


==== Diane Holmes ====
Diane Holmes, played by Louise Delamere, first appears in "Out of Time". She is a pilot and early feminist from 1953 who becomes stranded in 2007 due to the Cardiff Rift. She enters a relationship with Owen, and he falls in love with her. After staying with Owen for a short time, and admitting her own love for him, she says farewell to a distraught Owen. Diane flies off in her plane, feeling the Rift will open again for her and take her somewhere new. Diane is seen in flashback clips in "Combat", "Captain Jack Harkness", and "A Day in the Death". She reappears briefly to Owen as a vision created by Bilis in "End of Days" insisting he do whatever he can to save her; the encounter leaves him in tears.


==== Eugene Jones ====
Eugene Jones, played by Paul Chequer, appears in the Torchwood episode "Random Shoes". When he was younger, his science teacher gave him an alien eye. As he got older, he started to get interested in aliens, approaching Torchwood a number of times. They paid no attention at all to him. He was described as a loser, a failure, a geek and an ordinary guy.
In the present, he is killed in a hit-and-run accident. When he discovers that he is still "hanging around" he stays with the team, particularly Gwen, as they investigate his life. Reminiscing on his past, Eugene recalls how, one day, he tried to sell the eye on eBay. The bidding flew up to £15,005.50, but two of his mates had actually set it up, making it go higher just to cheer him up; the previous bid was only £5.50 lower, and Eugene was convinced that the alien had been trying to get his eye back. When the eye is removed from his body, he briefly becomes solid and saves Gwen from an oncoming car, before disappearing in a bright light.


==== Captain Jack Harkness ====
Group Captain Jack Harkness, RAF, played by Matt Rippy, appears in the episode "Captain Jack Harkness". When Torchwood's Jack Harkness and Toshiko Sato fall back in time to 1941, they meet him and discover him to be the real Captain Jack Harkness, whose name the con-man known as Jack appropriated.
Captain Harkness is a young American serving as a Group Captain in a RAF Eagle Squadron, stationed in Cardiff. He is in a heterosexual relationship, but is revealed to be attracted to Torchwood's Jack. During his time with Jack and Tosh, he is shown to be a compassionate man, backing up Jack's story of Tosh working as a decoder for the government to protect her from the current anti-Japanese prejudice and bonding with Jack over their mutual grief over the responsibility of having to witness those they care for die while they survive. He is distressed at the idea that the woman he is dating while stationed in Cardiff is in love with him, unhappy to lead her on. After some indecision, and after Torchwood's Jack hints that he would soon die, he eventually strikes up the courage to dance with Torchwood's Jack in front of a party of servicemen and their guests. Before Torchwood's Jack leaves to return to the present, the two kiss passionately. The next day, Captain Jack Harkness dies fighting German fighters. In the present day, Toshiko Sato comforts Torchwood's Jack by telling him that 1941's Captain Jack would be proud that he had taken his name, carrying it on as he saves the world.


==== Bilis Manger ====
Bilis Manger, played by Murray Melvin, is a main antagonist of the first series. He has the ability to walk through time and teleport at will, In "Captain Jack Harkness", he appears as the manager of a 1941 dance hall, and in the present day remains its caretaker, ostensibly co-operating with Gwen when she visits the now derelict venue searching for Jack and Toshiko. However, he sabotages Toshiko's plans back in 1941 to send the full second half of the equations needed to bring back her and Jack more safely, by scratching away the last part of the equation. He took photographs, though, to ensure that the team would locate them in the past and have to open the rift to rescue them. In "End of Days", he reappears, first as an apparition to Gwen, then, in his shop, A Stitch in Time, where he reveals that he is able to travel between eras at will. He then infiltrates the Torchwood base, stabbing Rhys Williams, spurring Gwen to once more open the rift to save everyone's lives, however, this full opening unwittingly releases Abaddon. Moments later, Manger is found outside by the members of the team, telling them that his plan all along was to release Abaddon, who had been "chained under the rift", before vanishing again.The character returns in the spin-off novel The Twilight Streets by Gary Russell, apparently sponsoring the advertisement of a newly developed area of Cardiff. During this encounter, it is revealed that not only is he on the staff of Torchwood despite lacking any employee information – his hand print is granted full access in all Torchwood bases, but there is no record of his employment or specific role in the Institute – but also that his actions in releasing Abaddon were fundamentally benevolent, as Abaddon was required to stop sentient particles known as 'the Dark' that would corrupt the Torchwood team and drive them to turn against Jack to find a way of using the Rift to gain access to advanced technology. With the aid of the Torchwood team, Manger manages to defeat the Dark, and is last seen leaving on a train with a box that apparently contains Abaddon's ashes.


=== Series two (2008) ===


==== Captain John Hart ====

Captain John Hart, played by James Marsters, first appears in the episode "Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang" as a rogue Time Agent and former partner of Jack Harkness, both professionally and sexually.  He has been in rehab for drink, drugs, sex and murder. Captain John Hart appears through the Rift using a Vortex Manipulator in order to seek help from Jack. In "Exit Wounds", Captain John is revealed to have rescued Jack's brother Gray from his old captors, only to learn too late that Gray had been driven insane over the years.


==== Beth Halloran ====
Beth Halloran, played by Nikki Amuka-Bird, appears in "Sleeper". She is one of four alien sleeper agents in Cardiff belonging to Cell 114, but is totally unaware of this. She and three others were created and given human lives and memories to learn all they could about humans before her alien programming was activated, to commence their attack of Earth. After helping the team to track down the final agent, she pretends to intend on killing Gwen to provoke Torchwood into suicide by cop so that she does not one day experience the dehumanisation of having her alien consciousness awoken. Like all sleepers of her species, Beth's arm can transform into a blade-like weapon and can deploy explosive devices, in addition to this she possesses a tight-knit protective force field (which also projects false humanoid vitals) and superhuman strength. According to the Torchwood website, her body is stored in the cryogenics area.


==== Tommy Brockless ====
Tommy Brockless, portrayed by Anthony Lewis, appears in "To the Last Man". A combat stress reaction / shell-shocked World War I soldier, born in 1894, Tommy is brought into Torchwood Three's custody and cryopreserved in 1918 after his future self instructs them to do as such through a time slip. It is these time slips that Tommy is instrumental in stopping. At an unspecified year in his future, fragments of 1918 and the present will bleed together, potentially destroying the world. Hence, once every year, Torchwood awakens Tommy to check whether his presence is required and to give him a "day out."
It is 2008 when these events eventually begin to unfold. As this begins to happen, Tommy must be sent back to his own time acting as a metaphorical "stitch in time," pulling all of 1918 back to where it belongs. However, during his last day, Tommy falls for Toshiko, making his decision all the more difficult. He is eventually convinced to do so thanks to Toshiko, who encourages him to fix the Rift by referring to him as her 'brave, handsome hero' (quoting Thomas's own words to her).  She cannot reveal to Tommy that he will be one of hundreds of Shell shock victims executed for cowardice.


==== Gerald & Harriet ====
Gerald Carter (Roderic Culver) and Harriet Derbyshire (Siobhan Hewlett) appear in flashback sequences of "To the Last Man" investigating the case of Brockless in 1918. Trained in military intelligence, Carter would later become leader of Torchwood Three in Cardiff. Derbyshire was recruited directly from the University of Oxford (where she observed physics lectures) into Torchwood Three. It is noted in the episode that Harriet died at the age of 26. According to the Torchwood website, Carter had been an avid supporter of early "Rift theory", and after controversially being placed in charge of the team in 1907 managed to bring great strides. However, following the death of Harriet Derbyshire, Carter felt responsible and retired to a consultancy position, until his death in 1942. According to the website Harriet is one of the notable employees whose bodies are stored in the cryogenics area.


==== Adam Smith ====
"Adam Smith", an alien who feeds and survives off memories, appears in "Adam", played by Bryan Dick. Previously trapped in an extradimensional Void, Adam is drawn to the Torchwood team due to their unique memories and escapes the Void through the Rift. In less than 48 hours he is able to plant false memories in the team, posing as a member of Torchwood. It is this belief in him that allows him to survive. Accompanying the survival instinct, Adam shows a tendency to use his powers recreationally and maliciously. He provides a drastic role-reversal for both Toshiko, now a promiscuous extrovert who shares a passionate relationship with Adam, and Owen, now a shy geek with unrequited feelings for Toshiko. Adam also provides Jack with a resurgence of the repressed memories of the last pleasant memories of his family before his father's death and his brother's disappearance.  As a side-effect of such new memory creation, other memories must be forced from the mind, leading Gwen to totally forget Rhys. When Ianto looks over his diary and discovers no reference to Adam, Adam attempts to escape by torturing Ianto with false memories of being a serial killer, only for Jack to see through the lie thanks to his knowledge of Ianto's personality. Although Adam tries to threaten Jack by altering his few happy memories of his childhood, Jack nevertheless deals with Adam's existence by giving everyone in the team 48-hour amnesia pills. Forgetting Adam causes his death and leaves the team puzzling the loss of the last 48 hours.


==== Gray ====
Gray, portrayed by Ethan Brooke as a child and by Lachlan Nieboer as an adult, is Captain Jack's younger brother and a main antagonist of the second series. Gray is first alluded to in the series two premiere "Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang", when Jack's former partner John Hart states that he "found Gray". In "Adam", Jack's memories of his brother are brought to the surface by an alien who meddles with his memories. Jack recalls letting go of his brother's hand and losing him during an alien invasion in their homeland of the Boeshane Peninsula, an action he regards as the worst thing he ever did. Young Jack (Jack Montgomery) searches for Gray but is unable to find him. When the alien is defeated, he taunts Jack that he will lose these memories of his brother.In "Fragments", Captain John shows Jack a hologram of Gray. Appearing in "Exit Wounds", Gray is a damaged character who has endured a lifetime of torture; having learnt cruelty from his captors, Gray is a vengeful sadist. Gray returns to Jack only to reveal that he blames him for the torture he has endured over the course of his life. Seeking to punish his brother, Gray buries Jack alive in Cardiff in the year AD 27, placing him in a permanent cycle of death and resurrection. In present day, Gray wreaks havoc across Cardiff, and murders Torchwood member Toshiko Sato, who had been attempting to prevent a nuclear explosion which Gray had triggered. Jack, having been exhumed by Torchwood in the 19th century and subsequently placed into stasis, re-emerges and forgives Gray, and asks that his brother do the same. Gray refuses to absolve Jack, who sorrowfully chloroforms his younger brother. Jack places Gray inside a cryogenic chamber, knowing he may never awaken. Gray is probably killed in the explosion of Torchwood in series 3.


==== Martha Jones ====

Dr Martha Jones, played by Freema Agyeman, is a returning Doctor Who character who first appears on-screen in Torchwood in the episode "Reset". A former time-travelling companion of the Tenth Doctor, Martha helped him and Jack avert an apocalyptic future in the Doctor Who episodes "Utopia", "The Sound of Drums", and "Last of the Time Lords". In "Reset", it is revealed that Martha has become a Doctor of Medicine and a medical officer for the extraterrestrial response agency UNIT. After helping Torchwood solve a series of mysterious deaths around Cardiff, she becomes involved in assisting the team following the death and resurrection of Torchwood's medic Owen Harper in the episodes "Dead Man Walking" and "A Day in the Death". She collaborates with Jack, Gwen and Ianto again in the Doctor Who serial "The Stolen Earth"/"Journey's End" and the Torchwood radio play "Lost Souls". The creative team had originally intended for Martha to appear in series three, 'Torchwood: Children of Earth but Agyeman was unavailable.


==== Aaron Copley ====
Aaron Copley, portrayed by Alan Dale, is the leader of experimental medical facility "The Pharm" and features in "Reset". When his facility claims to have developed a miracle substance able to cure medically incurable diseases such as diabetes and cancer, the Torchwood team investigate. Martha Jones is sent in by Captain Jack, allowing Torchwood to gain access to Copley's files. It is discovered that he has captured alien specimens (including a giant mayfly and a weevil) and used their bodily fluids to develop the "Reset" cure. When Copley discovers that Martha knows this, and has herself actually travelled in time and space, he begins to carry out intrusive tests on her, believing that time travel may have altered her cells making her more likely to survive the treatment. After Martha is eventually saved by the team, and the Pharm's computer records are wiped and the aliens euthanased, Copley follows them outside and pulls a gun on her. Whilst trying to calm Copley down, Owen Harper is shot dead. In an act of revenge, Jack shoots Copley in the head, instantly killing him.


==== Little Girl ====
Skye Bennett plays a mysterious fortune teller who is a psychic, ageless tarot card reader, credited only as Little Girl. Outwardly a little girl, she is seen in both the 19th and 21st centuries as appearing roughly the same age. In her first appearance, "Dead Man Walking", she sends Jack to the disused St. Mary's parish church, the location of the second Resurrection Gauntlet, but promises it will bring further complications. Appearing for a second time in a 19th-century flashback, in the episode "Fragments", she approaches Jack to read his cards and tells him he will have to wait a century before meeting The Doctor once again.According to the TARDIS Datacore, the Little Girl may actually be Faith, a girl who lived and died in the 14th century and referenced in "Dead Man Walking."


==== Henry Parker ====
Henry Parker, played by Richard Briers, is an elderly collector of alien artifacts in the episode "A Day in the Death". Following his wife's death he became intensely reclusive, guarding his house with hired security personnel. Torchwood describe him as "mostly harmless" and compare him to Howard Hughes. By 2008 Parker is dying from a failing heart, having suffered from three heart attacks, and a failed bypass. Terrified of death, he activated the Pulse, an artefact, taking it into his bed believing it to be a healing device. Because this device was giving off strange energy readings, Torchwood send in the technically deceased Owen Harper to bypass Parker's security and intervene. During a discussion with Harper, Parker revealed knowledge of the Torchwood Three team, and mentioned his own fear of death. Soon after Owen deactivated the pulse, Parker died of natural causes; Harper attempted artificial respiration to keep the man alive, but was unable to produce breath to do so.Digital Spy's Ben Rawson-Jones praised Brier's "emotive portrayal" of Parker and found his death scene particularly moving. He also comments that his performance in this episode compensated for his "bizarrely over the top" performance in the Doctor Who serial Paradise Towers. Airlock Alpha's Alan Stanley Blair remarked that Parker's death "wonderfully pulled all the threads for the arc into one conclusive ending" whilst SFX's Richard Edwards felt that the character was "worthy of more screen time".


==== Geraint Cooper ====
Geraint Cooper, played by William Thomas, is Gwen's father, who first appears in "Something Borrowed". He is married to Gwen's mother Mary and lives in Swansea. Present at Gwen's wedding to Rhys he is alarmed to see her pregnant and more so when she tells him the true nature of her job. He attempts to phone the police when the shape shifting alien Nostrovite first attacks; but is prevented from doing so as Torchwood have jammed the phone lines. Despite Gwen and Rhys proclaiming that they will not keep secrets from each other in their marriage, Geraint's memories of the day are erased by Jack Harkness. Geraint subsequently forgets about the alien pregnancy, the wedding fiasco and the nature of Gwen's job; which his daughter feels to be "for the best".Between Children of Earth and Miracle Day Geraint becomes a grandfather to baby Anwen, and is properly told about Gwen's work for Torchwood. In "The New World", the first episode of Miracle Day, he is the victim of several heart attacks, yet does not die because of the "miracle" affecting the human population. Gwen returns from hiding to visit him in hospital and experiences conflicting emotions about his predicament. In "Escape to L.A." Rhys unwittingly sends Geraint to a government run overflow camp that is under the control of PhiCorp. In "The Categories of Life", he and Gwen break into the camp to rescue Geraint, but their first attempt triggers another cardiac arrest, upgrading his government-appointed status from Category Two (conscious and living) to Category One (unconscious and due to be incinerated). Gwen and Rhys successfully rescue Geraint in "The Middle Men". Two months later, Gwen and Mary attempt to conceal Geraint from government officers in their basement, but he is recaptured in "The Gathering", and taken back to the overflow camp to be incinerated. In "The Blood Line", Gwen recounts a childhood memory of her father where he had received blame for money going from his work. Eager to help, Gwen had got together her pocket money but her father confided in her that what had bothered him was the fact that people thought him dishonest. Gwen remembered this as the first time anybody had spoken to her as an adult. Later, with aid from Andy, Rhys gains access to the overflow camp and sits at Geraint's side as the Miracle is finally negated, allowing Mary to say goodbye to her husband by telephone.


==== Mary Cooper ====
Mary Cooper, played by Sharon Morgan, is the mother of Gwen Cooper and is introduced in "Something Borrowed". Prior to her first appearance, Gwen's mother was first referenced in "Ghost Machine" when Gwen relives a memory of Rhys and herself preparing to leave for Mary's sixtieth birthday party. In "Something Borrowed" Mary acts fastidious and difficult; she is persistent in nagging her husband Geraint and in scoring points against Rhys' Mum, Brenda. Like Geraint she is happy at the prospect of a grandchild from Gwen, because she believes the pregnancy will shock Brenda. Although Mary does not know the nature of Gwen's job she is caught up in the adventure when she is threatened by the Nostrovite; who has assumed Brenda's appearance. Despite Gwen and Rhys proclaiming they will not keep secrets from each other; Mary's memories—like those of the other wedding guests—are erased by Jack Harkness. Mary forgets about the events of the wedding day, including her daughter's alien pregnancy, which Gwen feels to be "for the best". Mary was referenced in the Doctor Who story "The Stolen Earth"—in which Gwen instructs Rhys to tell her mother to "take her pills and go to sleep" during the Dalek invasion.In "The New World", the first episode of Torchwood: Miracle Day Mary accompanies her husband to hospital after he has a heart attack, and meets her granddaughter Anwen for the first time. With Gwen in hiding, Mary now knows the full workings of her daughter's former occupation and asks her for information about the miracle. When Gwen is renditioned to the United States, Rhys and Anwen move in with Mary and Geraint. After Geraint is taken to an overflow camp, Mary encourages Gwen's rescue mission. She is later kidnapped and held hostage in an attempt to force Gwen to hand in Jack Harkness. However, the family is rescued by a South Wales attack team, led by sergeant Andy Davidson, Gwen's ex-colleague. Mary's life-threatening experience results in her telling Gwen not to give up, and to "go and get the bastards" responsible. In "The Gathering", set two months later, Mary is seen hiding her category one husband from the authorities. When the house is initially searched, Mary breaks down in tears after having been forced to pin down and stifle her husband to silence him. When the house is searched a second time, Mary is refused entry and reluctantly signs forms releasing her dead husband, who is taken back to the overflow camp in preparation for incineration. After Rhys gains an emergency police visa to visit the camp, and Gwen helps end the "Miracle", Mary gets a final chance to say goodbye to Geraint.Series writer Jane Espenson draws an analogy between the series four plot of Gwen and Mary hiding Geraint in the basement to the living situation described by Anne Frank in "The Diary of Anne Frank". Although the eventual goodbye scene between Mary and Geraint did not feature heard dialogue, the content of her conversation was part of the initial script for the episode. Writing for the entertainment section of AOL's website Brad Trechak notes that he was highly amused by "the extremely British snark" exhibited by Mary in the episode "Something Borrowed". AfterElton's Steven Frank compares the character to "a tightly wound Helen Mirren" and also praises the "cattish behaviour" displayed in her interactions with Brenda. The Radio Times' Patrick Mulkern praised the storyline of the Cooper family in "The Gathering" describing the scenes with Mary and Gwen hiding Geraint in the cellar as "tense" and "touching".


==== Nikki Bevan ====

Nikki Bevan, played by Ruth Jones, appears in Adrift as the single mother of a missing teenager, Jonah Bevan. During the police investigation she is befriended by Andy, who takes a personal interest in the case and refers Jonah's disappearance to Gwen Cooper. Unable to let her son go, Nikki spends her time obsessively looking through VHS tapes of crowd footage at major events trying to see her son. She sets up a self-help group called Searchlight for families of lost people in Cardiff, which alerts Gwen to the fact that the disappearances are widespread. Gwen eventually locates Jonah, aged and deformed in a secret hospital for those who had been taken by the rift and then returned. Nikki at first denies the fact that this man is Jonah but after he mentions childhood experiences the two have a heart-felt reunion. However, due to off-world torture Jonah is insane and spends twenty hours a day howling incessantly. Nikki is devastated that she cannot take her son home for a conventional relationship and blames Gwen, before giving up and throwing out Jonah's belongings.TV Squad's Jason Hughes praised the emotional scenes of Nikki being brought to see Jonah by Gwen and the "tragic emotional impact" of her telling Gwen to not do the same to any other families. He felt her role in the narrative worked as "an ambiguous moral about knowing versus not knowing" and praised the writer for not providing an easy answer.


==== Alex Hopkins ====
Alex Hopkins, portrayed by Julian Lewis Jones, is a former Torchwood Three leader, whose term ended on New Year's Eve, 1999 when he murdered his entire team and committed suicide. Before killing himself, he made freelance agent Jack Harkness the head of Torchwood Three, rewarding him for a century of loyal service. Having been shown an image of the future, Alex felt his team was grossly unprepared to deal with what was to come. His last words prophesied that the world was not ready for the changes the 21st century was to undergo. According to the Torchwood website, he is one of the notable employees whose bodies are stored in the cryogenics area, along with his entire team. The website also credits him in a letter with designing the Torchwood SUV; it had been his idea to have "TORCHWOOD" written across the side of it, despite concerns it would "compromise [Torchwood's] status as a clandestine quasi-governmental organisation."


==== Alice Guppy ====
Alice Guppy, played by Amy Manson, was an employee of Torchwood Three during the end of the 19th and early 20th centuries. She appears in flashback sequences in “Fragments” and “Exit Wounds”, in 1899 and 1901 respectively, both from Jack's point of view. She holds the aggressive attitudes of Torchwood at the time, killing a Blowfish in cold blood in “Fragments”, her moral justification being that it was "a threat to the Empire”. In "Exit Wounds" she and fellow Torchwood employee Charles Gaskell (Cornelius Macarthy) discover Jack Harkness buried in Cardiff, and freeze him in the cryogenic area of the Hub. According to the Torchwood website, she is one of the notable employees whose bodies are stored in the cryogenics area. A diary extract on the website also expands on Guppy's backstory: recruited by later partner Emily Holroyd, she had been put in jail for attacking another woman in a laundry room. Holroyd explained that Guppy had been selected because "the skills [she] had demonstrated as a thief would be put to better use in espionage; not only [her] stealth, but [her] attitude towards violence."


=== Children of Earth (2009) ===


==== Alice Carter ====
Alice Carter (née Melissa Moretti; previously Sangster), played by Lucy Cohu, is the daughter of Jack Harkness. Alice's birth name was Melissa Moretti, but she was placed under deep cover in 1977. Her precise history is unclear, but her mother died in 2006 and she is aware of her father's immortality, which she has not inherited. Her son, Steven Carter (Bear McCausland) is unaware that Jack is his grandfather, instead believing Jack to be his uncle. Although their relationship appears affectionate to a degree, Jack and Alice rarely have contact as Alice dislikes his work and the reminder that he will outlive her. When Jack attempts to use Steven for his Torchwood investigation, Alice refuses. After she and Steven are used as hostages to prevent Jack interfering, she convinces the black ops team holding her prisoner to break Jack out of prison to enlist his aid in defeating the 456. Jack uses Steven to kill the 456 by using him to transmit a resonance frequency that disrupts the wavelength-based 456. Jack knew that Steven would die but had no other option; Alice's relationship with her father completely disintegrates.


==== Rhiannon Davies ====
Rhiannon Davies, portrayed by Katy Wix, is the sister of Ianto Jones, who lives with her husband Johnny (Rhodri Lewis) and children Mica and David. Rhiannon and Ianto became distant after the death of their father, although Ianto visits her in an attempt to gain access to Mica so he can analyse the cause of the synchronised chanting affecting the world's children. Rhiannon refuses to let Mica go out of parental concern and sidetracks Ianto by taking an interest in his romantic relationship with Jack Harkness. Rhiannon's house is put under surveillance after the government attempt to assassinate the Torchwood team, although Rhiannon later sneaks out of her house and supplies Ianto with Johnny's car and a laptop so that he can rescue Captain Jack. Once the schools are closed on the third day of the crisis she starts looking after neighbourhood children, with husband Johnny charging "ten quid a kid". Ianto contacts her before facing the 456 and tells her that the government cannot be trusted. After Ianto dies, Rhiannon is visited in person by Gwen Cooper who explains Ianto's demise to her. Rhiannon is distraught but follows Ianto's final instructions and with the help of Gwen and Rhys takes the neighbourhood children on the run from the army.


==== Mr. Dekker ====
Mr. Dekker, played by Ian Gelder, appears as an engineer and head of Technology for MI5 who has researched transmissions from "the 456" since they were first received. In the first episode, he identifies with John Frobisher as "the cockroaches of government," non-elected civil servants, who remain despite the fickleness of electoral tastes. When asked by Frobisher if he has any family, Dekker says he's always been too preoccupied with work. Dekker survives the gas attack in the Thames Building (which kills many members of MI5) by pulling on a biohazard suit in the nick of time, a success facilitated in part by the fact that he makes no attempt to save others. When his survival is pointed out by Colonel Oduya (Charles Abomeli), Dekker states that he managed it by simply standing back—"a strategy that's worked all my life."He is abducted from his lab in the Thames Building by Agent Johnson's mutinying forces, along with Jack, and brought to a temporary HQ, where he halfheartedly assists Jack in assembling the transmission equipment necessary to combat the 456. He is shot in the leg by Agent Johnson in a presumed moment of frustration in response to his immediate pessimism about opposing the 456. Dekker shows greater willingness to assist actively with the project upon being reminded of the most recent and unprecedented transmission from the 456—the squeal that killed Clement MacDonald, which Jack presumes can be played back against them. He and Jack realize simultaneously that the only way to transmit this will be through a child—killing it in the process. Dekker, not aware that the only child available to them is Jack's own grandson, Steven, at first seems excited by this prospect—"Centre of the resonance—that kid's gonna fry!" but looks disgusted upon witnessing the event.


==== John Frobisher ====
John Frobisher, played by Peter Capaldi, is introduced as Permanent Secretary to the Home Office and the civil servant placed in charge of the 456 incident. Frobisher has a wife, Anna and two school-aged daughters, Holly and Lily, who are subconsciously delivering the 456's message among the rest of the world's children. He is assisted by Bridget Spears and Lois Habiba. After telling Bridget about the 456, he hands her a file of a blank piece of paper. Spears knows what this means and types up the names of four people to be killed; the quartet had coordinated the surrender of twelve orphans to the 456 in the year 1965, and include Jack Harkness. His job becomes increasingly difficult when all around him, including Prime Minister Brian Green, begin to shirk any responsibility for the disaster that is unfolding. He is the representative chosen to meet with the 456 and negotiate their demands, which are revealed to be a share of the world's child population.Frobisher is ordered by the Prime Minister to publicly send his daughters off for inoculation (the cover for turning over children to the 456), to allow the government to appear just as much of a victim as the rest of the world and 'save face'.  Leaving Number 10, he directs Bridget to sign for "Requisition 31" and bring it to him.  The metal box contains a sidearm and a loaded magazine with which he kills his family, and himself—believing he is saving his daughters from the worse fate of being used as drugs by the 456.John Frobisher is not to be confused with Frobisher, a shape-shifting companion of the Sixth and Seventh Doctors in various spin-off media, who prefers the shape of a penguin.
Peter Capaldi previously portrayed Lucius Caecilius Iucundus in the Doctor Who episode, "The Fires of Pompeii", and later played the Twelfth Doctor. The three characters are connected in that John Frobisher is a descendant of Lucius Caecilius Iucundas according to Doctor Who showrunner Steven Moffat, and the Twelfth Doctor subconsciously based his appearance on Lucius Caecilius Iucundus


==== Bridget Spears ====
Bridget Spears, played by Susan Brown, appears in Children of Earth and is the personal assistant to Home Office Permanent Secretary John Frobisher and immensely devoted to him – having worked together for thirty years. She gives Lois Habiba her username and password, so Lois can assist with the overwhelming number of people calling in, but Lois uses it to find out about the Torchwood Institute and Jack Harkness. After Frobisher tells Bridget about the 456, he hands her a file of a blank piece of paper. Bridget understands what this means and types up the names of four people to be killed, one of whom is the immortal Jack Harkness. Unbeknownst to Bridget, Lois sees this email and questions her own loyalties. After Frobisher's troubling meeting with the Prime Minister, Frobisher directs Bridget to sign for "Requisition 31" and bring it to him; the metal box contains a sidearm and a loaded magazine.  At the same time, Bridget signs for the Torchwood contact lenses confiscated from Lois when the latter is arrested for working with Torchwood. Bridget pays Lois a visit in her police custody cell to tell her that John Frobisher was a good man and that this should be remembered in the aftermath of what is about to happen. Later, after the 456 are defeated and the Prime Minister is ready to blame the Americans for the whole incident, Bridget reveals that Lois had told her how the Torchwood contact lenses worked, and that she had recorded everything the Prime Minister had said. Disgusted by his assertion that they were lucky to have someone else to blame for the incident, Bridget informs the Prime Minister that she is ready to reveal his involvement to the public. It is implied that this will be used to force Green from office.


==== Brian Green ====
Brian Green, played by Nicholas Farrell, is the British Prime Minister in Children of Earth. It is not known if he followed Harold Saxon (i.e., The Master) directly, or if there was an interim between their respective governments. Using Home Office Permanent Secretary John Frobisher as a scapegoat, Green initially denies any previous British involvement with the 456 in 1965, to ensure plausible security. However, during negotiations, the 456 discloses that the reason it choose the UK to land was 'off the record', exposing to the Americans, et al., that the British Government are trying to hide the previous encounter in 1965 where 12 children were given to the 456 as a 'gift' in exchange for an antivirus to a current virulent strain. On Day Four. instead of counteracting the 456, Green employs his cabinet to decide how to select the 10% of children demanded by the 456.On Day Five, he informs John Frobisher that, for plausible deniability reasons, his children should be included in the 'gift' to the 456, which results in Mr Frobisher killing his family and himself to prevent the forced sacrifice of his children. After Captain Jack defeats the 456, Green still tries to protect his political ambitions, trying to blame American interference on government policy. However Bridget Spears, using the same Torchwood contact lenses used by Lois Habiba previously, threatens to expose the truth to the British public. Denise Riley, the Home Secretary, implies she is in a position to challenge Green's premiership following this.


==== Lois Habiba ====

Lois Habiba, played by Cush Jumbo, is a junior PA and assistant to Bridget Spears, who starts work at the Home Office, in John Frobisher's office, on the day the 456 make contact. Bridget Spears gives Lois her username and password, but out of curiosity Lois uses it to find out about the Torchwood Institute and Captain Jack Harkness after she receives a phone call from him. Spears types an email of the names of four people to be killed, one of which is Jack Harkness. Unbeknownst to her, Lois sees this email and starts to question her own loyalties. Lois decides to help Torchwood and after receiving a phone call from the fugitive Gwen Cooper, she decides to meet her. Although worried about committing treason on her second day, she gives Gwen and Rhys a way to access the prison facility where Jack is being held, and is pleased when Gwen offers her a job in the future. She also, after initially refusing, agrees to act as a spy for Torchwood, using contact lenses with integrated wireless cameras, as the seriousness of the situation has dawned on her. At this meeting she witnesses contact between Earth and the 456 and transcribes the 456's speech so Torchwood can cover the whole meeting.She is present when the 456 demand 10 percent of the Earth's children and at a later cabinet meeting where she witnesses self-interested views from the cabinet over the criteria of which children should be taken by the 456 following a failed attempt at negotiation. Working on Gwen's orders, she agrees to confront the cabinet by announcing that Torchwood have recordings of everything in order to force them not to comply with the demands of the 456. She was arrested in Day Five for espionage. From prison, she helps Bridget Spears use the Torchwood contact lenses to take down PM Brian Green's administration, and it is later said she will be released from prison.Lois' character was created by Russell T Davies to replace Martha Jones (Freema Agyeman) when they could not get her for the third series. He describes her as "kind of a Martha figure", but one who lacks Martha's experiences and is "out of her depth." Director Euros Lyn characterises Lois as an "everygirl" and a "reluctant hero" who is conflicted between helping Torchwood and obeying the government. Lyn also compared her role in the narrative to being similar to that of Rose Tyler and Gwen Cooper, used respectively as audience surrogates on Doctor Who and Torchwood.


==== Johnson ====
Johnson, portrayed by Liz May Brice, is the leader of a team of enforcers for the Government, assigned by John Frobisher to the job of dealing with Torchwood at the start of the 456 crisis. Ruthless and efficient, she has little time for social niceties and is determined to see her job done efficiently and successfully. After killing Jack by shooting him in the back, knowing he would resurrect, she uses a laser cutter to plant a bomb inside his stomach. She has no qualms about killing Dr Rupesh Patanjali, after refusing him a change of identity. Johnson detonates the bomb inside Jack, initiating the destruction of the Torchwood Hub. She later tracks down a fugitive Gwen; but Gwen shoots down her tyres and escapes. After Johnson's team uncovers several parts of Jack's severed body, she realises his body is still able to heal and detains him in a concrete-filled cell. After Gwen and Ianto break Jack out of his concrete cell she detains Alice and Steven Carter as insurance against Harkness going public with information on the 456. When the location of the regrouped Torchwood team is discovered by Johnson's team she moves in to confront them. However, when Gwen shows her recordings of government treachery, she backs down. In the final episode she questions her allegiance to the state in wake of its betrayal and at the prompting of Alice Carter, releases Jack Harkness from custody to fight the aliens. With the help of Johnson and Dekker, Jack is able to devise a way to defeat the 456, but it requires the sacrifice of his grandson. Despite her cold and callous nature, Johnson is genuinely horrified by Steven's brutal death.


==== Clement MacDonald ====
Clement MacDonald, played by Paul Copley and as a child by Gregory Ferguson, appears in Children of Earth. In 1965, Clement is one of the twelve children offered to the 456, but he is left behind and keeps a mental link to the 456 when they return forty years later. He has somehow acquired clairalience, a highly enhanced sense of smell, allowing him to detect the impending return of the 456 months before the events shown in the story, as well as other threats and also to determine that Gwen Cooper is pregnant and that Ianto Jones is "queer". After spending much of his life in care under the name Timothy White, traumatised and wracked with tics, Clement comes to Torchwood's attention when he is the only adult relaying the messages from the 456 in unison with the children. Escaping from the care home when the police arrives for him, he is initially arrested for causing an affray in his confused state, but is retrieved by Gwen Cooper. He then meets Jack Harkness, and recognises him as the man who escorted the twelve children to the 456 decades earlier. Clement is killed by the 456 when they transmit a resonance frequency that damages his brain; Harkness is later able to reverse this frequency and use it against the 456.


==== Rupesh Patanjali ====
Rupesh Patanjali, played by Rik Makarem, is a Cardiff doctor, originally from Chesterfield. He first encounters Jack Harkness and Ianto Jones when they arrive at the hospital to remove an alien hitchhiker from a recently deceased patient. His interest in Torchwood piqued, Rupesh makes his way to the Cardiff Hub. Gwen Cooper, noting a parallel between Torchwood's treatment of Rupesh and their initial treatment of her, promotes herself to recruitment officer and meets with Patanjali to discuss the possibility of a job. Patanjali's interest in the job is later revealed to be a facade. After luring Harkness back to St. Helen's hospital with a report of a strange death, he turns on him and shoots him in the back, "killing" him. It is revealed that Patanjali was working on the orders of Johnson who decided to plant a bomb in Harkness to wipe out the Torchwood operation. Johnson rebuked Patanjali when he expressed discomfort over Harkness' death by pointing out that he had killed a patient in order to facilitate the ruse which lured Harkness to her. After enquiring what was to become of him, Patanjali realises that Johnson plans to dispose of him. As he flees, he is shot in the back. In order to rescue Jack, Gwen and Rhys pose as undertakers seeking to reclaim Rupesh's body on behalf of his family.


==== Denise Riley ====
Denise Riley, played by Deborah Findlay, appears in Children of Earth and is the British home secretary. She first appears in Day Four, where she suggests handing over the lowest achieving 10% of children to The 456. Nobody disagrees with her choice, and so it goes ahead. When Jack Harkness, Johnson and Mr. Dekker killed the 456, she witnessed Brian Green say he was "lucky". Unbeknownst to Riley, Bridget Spears had continued Lois's work in recording the COBRA meetings. After this, she told Bridget that she was free to go, and that she will see to Lois's release. It is implied that she took over the position of Prime Minister.


==== Johnny Davies ====
Johnny Davies was the husband of Rhiannon and the father of David and Mica. He was devastated when Gwen Cooper told them that their children would be taken, so he led a rebellion on the street, and bought Rhiannon, Gwen and Rhys time to escape to a small dilapidated shack. He was glad when his children were not harmed, but was devastated by Ianto's death.


=== Miracle Day (2011) ===


==== Vera Juarez ====

Dr Vera Juarez, played by Arlene Tur, is a divorced attending surgeon in Washington D.C. who appears between "The New World" and "The Categories of Life". Press materials promoted the character as "smart, fast talking and hard working" and underline that it is these characteristics which seconded her to being part of the government think-tanks. Through her job she is amongst the first to realise the repercussions of miracle day and she finds herself increasingly at odds with the inept medical system. After establishing a sexual relationship with Rex Matheson she allies herself with his Torchwood team. However, her first undercover investigation for the group is her last; she is burned alive after dissenting against Colin Maloney.


==== Noah Vickers ====
Noah Vickers, portrayed by Paul James, is a colleague of Esther Drummond who is charged with investigating the effects Miracle Day has had on the population. When Esther's discovery of the history of Torchwood is erased from her memory it is Noah's work in retrieving the last Torchwood file which triggers them. Esther misdirects him when she is attempting to escape the CIA headquarters where they both work. Noah later appears in "End of the Road" where he makes contact with Esther and Rex Matheson who have now been pardoned by the CIA following the ousting of several traitors. In "The Blood Line", Noah initiates a trace software package that can uncover the identity of the remaining mole within the CIA. However, just as Noah, along with Allen Shapiro, discovers Charlotte's duplicity, they are killed by a bomb left by her on their desk. Rex is later able to retrieve this information through a passcode derived from where he and Noah used to have donuts together. The pair of Noah and Charlotte has attracted comparisons to Rex and Esther. Writing for TV.com, Tim Surette describes Noah as "bizarro Rex" and Charlotte as "bizarro Esther".


==== Charlotte Wills ====
Charlotte Wills, portrayed by Marina Benedict, is a colleague of Esther Drummond. In "The New World" Wills acts uninterested in Torchwood and tells Esther that all enquiries have to go through Brian Friedkin. After Esther's investigations render her a wanted woman she manages to escape the CIA compound by taking Charlotte's identity card and assuming her identity. In "End of the Road" Wills returns and talks to Rex and Esther over video link, discussing developments with the Miracle. It is later revealed that she is working as a double agent, also having contact with a mysterious blue eyed man who represents The Families. In "The Gathering", Charlotte continues to act as a mole for the Families when Rex uncovers a lead; she tries to put him off researching a pulp short story apparently based on the Little Italy incident, and tells him that a DNA test that could find descendants of the author was unsuccessful. Later, she tracks Rex to Buenos Aires – a location connected to the Blessing behind Miracle Day – when he is on a secret mission for Torchwood, and contacts the Families. She detonates a bomb in CIA headquarters just as they discover that she is a mole; the explosion kills Shapiro and Noah. Despite her efforts to sabotage the mission, Torchwood end the Miracle. While attending Esther's funeral, Rex receives informations that reveals Charlotte is the mole. Charlotte turns and shoots Rex, and is in turn gunned down by Jack Harkness.In Miracle Day episode "The Gathering", Charlotte refers to a recent break-up with an ex-girlfriend. Writing for the lesbian blogging site AfterEllen, Heather Hogan describes this additional piece of characterisation as effective in reminding the audience that the Three Families are ordinary people, living alongside us.


==== Anwen Williams ====
Anwen Williams is the daughter of Gwen Cooper and Rhys Williams who makes her first television appearance in Torchwood: Miracle Day. Anwen is conceived three weeks prior to the events of Children of Earth. She spends her early months in hiding with them in the wilds of South Wales. She becomes part of a chase when assassins call on her parents' house, and Gwen is forced to fight with Anwen in her arms. In "Immortal Sins", Anwen is captured along with Rhys and Mary and used as leverage for Gwen to turn in Jack Harkness. However, the infant is later rescued by the intervention of a South Wales attack force, led by sergeant Andy Davidson. A scene in Gareth David Lloyd's Shrouded had previously depicted Gwen cradling an unnamed and ungendered baby in her arms, whilst the novel First Born, also set prior to Miracle Day, features a storyline where Anwen draws unwanted attention.The production team originally planned to call Gwen's daughter Emily, but changed to Anwen, as the name is more Welsh. Writer Jane Espenson feels that the infant's apparent "enthusiasm for action" works in that it "actually seems to speak to Gwen's own character".


==== Jilly Kitzinger ====

Jilly Kitzinger, played by Lauren Ambrose, is a high flying PR executive with few moral scruples introduced in "Rendition". Initially, she functions as a minor distraction and adversary to the Torchwood protagonists in her role as representative for the paedophile-murderer Oswald Danes and the mysterious drug company Phicorp. Towards the end of the series she affiliates herself with 'The Families', the main villains behind the supernatural event of 'Miracle Day' and her own position becomes clear.  Whilst the character appears ruthless; promoted as having a 'heart of stone' portrayer Ambrose sees her character's ambition as showing strong personal qualities too. Though those she works for are defeated in the series finale, it is revealed that Jilly has survived, leaving the character's future uncertain.


==== Lyn Peterfield ====

Lyn Peterfield, portrayed by Dichen Lachman, is a CIA agent who serves as an antagonist to the Torchwood team in the episode "Rendition". It is revealed through exposition that she once had a sexual affair with Rex Matheson prior to the events of Miracle Day. Lyn is sent to help collect Jack and Gwen from Heathrow after they have been arrested by Matheson. Under the orders of Brian Friedkin, Peterfield attempts to assassinate the now mortal Jack Harkness by slipping arsenic into his cola. However, her plan is foiled when Jack identifies the poison and Gwen and Rex source an antidote. She is knocked unconscious by Gwen after insulting her capabilities and mistaking her for an Englishwoman. Once in the United States she attempts to defeat Rex in hand-to-hand combat once he realises the treachery of the CIA. However, he gains the upper hand and breaks her neck. Due to the effect of Miracle Day she is left still alive but with her head now on back to front.Lachman's casting as a CIA agent was reported alongside the casting of Havins as Esther in January 2011. Lachman had previously been suggested as a candidate to play Esther by End of Show writer Kevin Beaumont. Den of Geek's Simon Brew praised Lyn's villainous role, stating in his review of episode two that she was "the most menacing character we’ve met in the show so far, [Oswald] Danes included", in addition to the special effects shot of her twisted neck. Conversely, SFX's Dave Golder felt the twist involving the character at the end of the episode suffered a "case of nobody quite knowing what level to play it at."


==== Brian Friedkin ====
Brian Friedkin, played by Wayne Knight, is a high-ranking officer in the CIA and Esther and Rex's boss. After Miracle Day, Esther mentions that she has liaised with Rex over Torchwood's rendition to the United States. Upon learning that his agent Lyn Peterfield has a mortal Jack Harkness he orders Lyn to kill him, which she attempts to do by arsenic poisoning. He has been receiving messages from a mysterious unknown source represented by a triangle symbol for decades. Friedkin later arranges for Esther Drummond and Rex Matheson to be set up in his attempt to not only get rid of Torchwood, but anyone associated with the defunct organisation. The two escape, and Rex later confronts Friedkin at his Washington DC home. Rex takes Friedkins phone and is informed that whoever has been contacting Friedkin has been on Earth for decades. Rex later shoots next to Friedkin's head, warning him not to go deaf from the gunshot. Friedkin captures the Torchwood crew at the Colasanto estate but Rex secretly puts on Gwen's transmitter lenses and tricks Friedkin into confessing his work for the Families. Friedkin is arrested by his boss, Allen Shapiro. He blows himself up upon his capture, as The Families had ordered him to do, destroying himself, one of his agents and Olivia Colasanto.


==== Brad ====
Brad, played by Dillon Casey, is a Washington bartender. He appears in the episode "Dead of Night" when Jack Harkness visits the bar he works at. Brad takes pride in the amount of sobriety chips that have been cashed in subsequent to the miracle noting that people have turned to alcohol in response to worldwide immortality. When Jack offers a button to the collection, Brad is adamant that he does not damage his World War Two great-coat. The two men leave the bar with the intention of a one-night stand. Though Brad does not see the use in using protection because no-one can die, Jack calls him out on this noting that a sexually transmitted infection could still cause problems. He is later seen asleep next to Jack whilst Jack nurses a whisky and phones Gwen.One of the scenes between Jack and Brad was censored in the UK airing of the show, having been deemed too explicit for a prime-time audience. However, the sequence remained in its entirety in the Starz broadcast of the episode. Jane Espenson, who wrote the episode, commented that the sexual encounter between the two men was Jack's method of "affirming life".


==== Sarah Drummond ====
Sarah Drummond, portrayed by Candace Brown, is the sister of Esther Drummond. In the episode "Dead of Night", Esther states that whilst Sarah is older she has always had the task of looking after her because she can't cope. In "Escape to L.A." Esther checks up on Sarah to see how she is coping in the aftermath of the Miracle. Sarah refuses to answer the door, which is barricaded with a number of different locks. Esther fears for Sarah's two young daughters, Melanie and Alice, as Sarah is hypochondriac and will not let them leave the house. It revealed that social services arrive and take Melanie and Alice into care, whilst Sarah undergoes psychiatric evaluation. In "End of the Road" Esther speaks to Sarah who is still located in the psychiatric ward under strict supervision from Doctors. She expresses the opinion that people in the new world no longer have souls, and appears eager to volunteer herself and her children to become category one—effectively committing suicide. Her reaction to the state of affairs motivates Esther to do her utmost to put an end to the Miracle. Post Miracle, Sarah is seen alive and well with her children at Esther's memorial service.


==== Ellis Hartley Monroe ====
Ellis Hartley Monroe, portrayed by Mare Winningham, is a fictional American politician and Tea Party movement Republican who appears in the episode "Escape to L.A." as a rival to Oswald Danes. Monroe is described by medical professional Vera Juarez as a small town mayor connected to the Tea Party who was "trying to make a name for herself". She does this by launching the controversial "Dead is Dead" movement, which believes that those who should have died during Miracle Day are no better than corpses. Her strong views and personality soon propel her to national attention. She momentarily eclipses Danes' public notoriety, stealing one of his engagements. In retaliation, Danes launches a publicity stunt at the hospital at which he was supposed to speak, which deflects attention from Monroe. She is later kidnapped by the forces behind Miracle Day, who inform her that they already have Danes and don't need her. She is trapped inside a crushed car and abandoned in a car lot, still alive within the wreckage of the car due to the effects of the Miracle. After her "death", a statement goes out on TV advising the public that Monroe will not be available to comment on the latest developments.


==== The Cousin ====
The Cousin, played by Chris Butler, is a high-ranking member of the Three Families and oversees the Buenos Aires Blessing site. In "Escape to L.A." he speaks to Ellis Hartley Monroe over the phone as her car is crushed by a car compactor—with her inside. He appears physically in "The Blood Line". When Rex Matheson and Esther Drummond reach the Buenos Aires site, they are captured by the Cousin's men, and he speaks to them and to Jack Harkness, Gwen Cooper, Oswald Danes, Jilly Kitzinger and the leader of the Shanghai site over the phone. When Jack and Rex prepare to sacrifice all their blood to end the Miracle, the Cousin shoots Esther, reminding Rex that if the Miracle ends, she will die. However Gwen convinces Rex to go ahead, and he and Jack end the Miracle. As both Blessing sites start to fall apart, Rex uses the last of his strength to throw the Cousin into the Blessing, and he falls to his death.


==== Colin Maloney ====
Colin Maloney, played by American actor Marc Vann, appears as in "The Categories of Life" and "The Middle Men" as manager of the San Pedro overflow camp in California. Maloney is encountered by agents Esther Drummond and Vera Juarez when they go undercover at the camp. Vera uses her medical panel credentials to pose as an inspector, though because of her race Maloney mistakes her for hired help. Despite Vera pointing out the harsh realities of the situation, Maloney appears to have no sympathy for the patients within the overflow camp, openly taunting a patient named George and excited for a visit from Hilary Duff rather than Hillary Clinton. After Vera realises the appalling, cramped and disease-ridden conditions the patients are in and instances of miscategorization on Maloney's watch, she threatens to prosecute him because of his negligence. Maloney defends himself on how he comes in under budget despite the fact he's meant to spend the money given to him and seems over his head dealing with the situation. After a heated argument, he takes a gun from a camp guard, Ralph Coltrane (Frederick Koehler), and shoots Vera twice . He covers up the shooting by masking it as the sound of a loud metal door clanging. Maloney disposes of Vera's body by burning her alive in one of the overflow camp modules, along with many category one patients who are still physically alive but legally dead.In "The Middle Men", Maloney, acting out of guilt and panic, continues to disguise his involvement in Vera's death, attributing his change of shirt to a strenuous badminton match. Esther is alerted to some sort of wrongdoing by his suspicious behaviour, but her attempts at gaining insight are thwarted by the dismissal of her approaches by him and other bureaucrats. When Rex is captured by the military contingent of the camp, Maloney visits him to ascertain what he knows. After Rex explains what he saw to Maloney, Maloney reveals his part in the incident. When Rex, like Vera, attempts to threaten him with prosecution on grounds of crimes against humanity, Maloney begins to torture Rex by probing his chest wound with a biro pen. When Esther finds them and discovers the Maloney's treachery he aims to kill her in unarmed combat. Esther fights back by gouging his eyes and using physical blows to wind him before choking him. Later, when Esther goes to retrieve his keys, Maloney recovers and attempts to kill her once more. Ralph, appalled at Maloney's actions, arrives in time to shoot Maloney, disabling him again and allowing Rex and Esther to escape the San Pedro camp.


==== Blue-eyed Man ====
American actor Teddy Sears played a representative of Torchwood's enemies, the Three Families, credited only as Blue-eyed man. He first appears in "The Categories of Life" where he informs Jilly Kitzinger that her work with Phicorp and Oswald Danes has got her noticed by the right people. After Danes and Kitzinger part company in "End of the Road", the blue-eyed man reappears and informs Kitzinger that her intern is a traitor and shoots her dead. He then offers Kitzinger a promotion working with The Families at a level beyond Phicorp. Two months later, he meets Kitzinger on a park bench and tells her that her work has been appreciated. He gives her a new identity, Lucy Statten Meredith, and informs her that she will be sent to Shanghai where she can see the truth behind the Miracle. In "The Blood Line", after the Miracle ends, Kitzinger tracks down the blue-eyed man at the park they met previously. He informs her that the Three Families intended the miracle as a "test-run" and that they have a Plan B which they are waiting to orchestrate.


==== Angelo Colasanto ====
Angelo Colasanto, portrayed by Italian actor Daniele Favilli, is introduced in "Immortal Sins". Angelo was raised as Catholic and was raised in a coastal Italian Village. He attempts to enter America via Ellis Island by stealing the visa of Jack Harkness, but is locked up and prepared to be deported back to Italy. Empathising with Angelo, Jack uses his Vortex Manipulator to forge a new identity slip so he can enter America. They then rent a room together in New York's Italian district where Jack seduces Angelo. Angelo is conflicted between his faith and sexuality; though Jack is not the first man he has slept with, he is the first to show tenderness to him. With Jack, Angelo becomes part of a plan to make money by selling sacramental wine. Almost immediately after obtaining the alcohol they are kidnapped. Instead of being killed, however, Jack convinces their captors to allow them to work for them, and were asked to transport a box between two warehouses. After convincing Jack he could cope with seeing new things, Jack decided to make Angelo his companion in the same way that the Doctor had enlisted Jack as companion. At the warehouse, Jack opened the box to reveal a brain parasite that the Trickster's Brigade were planning to use on future President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, which he destroys. The two men flee, but Jack is shot and Angelo arrested.
A year later Angelo is released from prison and is shocked to find that Jack is alive when he should be dead. Jack informs him that he has obtained the same room from the previous year and invites Angelo back with him. Angelo conjectures that because he cannot die Jack is an embodiment of the devil, and stabs him. When Jack revives again, Angelo allows him to be taken to a butcher's shop where a crowd of people repeatedly kill him. Later, Angelo frees Jack and expresses remorse. However, Jack no longer trusts Angelo, and abandons him. In 2011 it is revealed that Angelo is still alive and possess knowledge of how the Miracle started. Thanks to Jack's warnings of the economic hard times of the future – including the Wall Street Crash of 1929 – Angelo managed to become wealthy, and lived in a mansion in Nevada. He is revealed to have allied with "the Families", a group formed by a pact between three mobsters in 1928 while Jack was being repeatedly murdered and resurrected, but his connection to the Families soured because they frowned on Angelo's relationship with Jack – a relationship he remembered fondly even after marrying and having children. Shortly after the Torchwood team arrived at the Colasanto estate, as Jack was saying goodbye to his former lover, Angelo suddenly dies—the first true death since Miracle Day. It is discovered that Angelo had salvaged an alien null-field generator from the ruins of the Torchwood Hub in Cardiff, and had it installed beneath his bed. The null field disrupted the morphic field that Jack theorized was responsible for the Miracle in that one location, allowing Angelo to die naturally.


==== Olivia Colasanto ====
Olivia Colasanto, portrayed by Nana Visitor, is the granddaughter of Angelo Colasanto, who first appears in the episode "Immortal Sins". Olivia is involved in the plot to kidnap Gwen Cooper's family to force her to hand over Captain Jack Harkness. Upon Rex Matheson and Esther Drummond foiling her appropriation of Jack, and Sergeant Davidson rescuing Gwen's family, Olivia reveals her trump card – that Jack will still come with her as she can bring him to Angelo and thus enlighten him to how the Miracle started. Episode eight, "End of the Road" begins with Olivia bringing Jack and his Torchwood associates to the Colorado mansion where she lives with her grandfather Angelo, now a decrepit old man in a semi-vegetative state. Olivia states that although Angelo loved his wife, he never forgot about Jack, and would often tell stories about him. She also reveals that a disharmony arose between Angelo and the families because of Angelo's relationship with Jack, and makes clear the connection of the three families to the Miracle. After agent Shapiro arrives and places the rogue contingent of the CIA under arrest Olivia is also arrested and placed in a SUV vehicle ready for transportation. However, she is blown up by controller Brian Friedkin after he detonates an explosive device as he was ordered to do by the families.


==== Allen Shapiro ====
Allen Shapiro (John de Lancie) is introduced in the episode "End of the Road" as a senior CIA official. After Rex Matheson frames a rebel contingent of the CIA led by Brian Friedkin through use of the Torchwood contact lenses, Shapiro puts them under arrest along with Olivia Colasanto. He is enraged after Friedkin escapes questioning by blowing himself and the other captors to pieces.  Though he pardons Rex and Esther, he remains suspicious of Jack and Gwen, and deports the latter, whilst trying to find out the secrets of a piece of Torchwood technology Jack wants to remain secret. Esther and Jack later escape, whilst Matheson reunites with Shapiro at the CIA central office in Washington.Two months after "End of the Road, Shapiro is still working with Rex to try and discover the secrets behind the Miracle. Despite identifying some traitors within the organisation, Shapiro remains oblivious to the identity of a further mole within the organisation, namely analyst Charlotte Wills, who is covertly working for the Families against the investigation. Shapiro authorises Rex to head to Argentina to investigate what, after getting in Torchwood, he believes to be an antipodal geological connection between Shanghai and Buenos Aires. Shapiro then tells his CIA colleagues to support Rex from Washington. However, Charlotte gets in touch with the Argentinian armed forces and they cause an explosion which Shapiro believes has killed Rex and colleague Esther. Furious, he orders Noah Vickers to rush through a use of new programming which can detect the presence of a mole by unscrambling all communications. Just as they discover Charlotte's duplicity, Shapiro and Noah are blown up by a bomb placed by Charlotte.


==== The Mother ====

The Mother, portrayed by actress Frances Fisher, appears as a high-ranking member of the Families, the main antagonists of Miracle Day. She operates the Shanghai site of the Blessing, a giant fissure running through the centre of the Earth between Shanghai and Buenos Aires. In "The Gathering", the Mother meets with the Families' newest recruit, Jilly Kitzinger, after she arrives in Shanghai, and introduces her to the Blessing. She tells Jilly that the Blessing "shows you to yourself" which she theorises is the Blessing's attempt to communicate with mankind. She enquires as to what Jilly sees in the Blessing, and appears impressed when Jilly sees only self-conviction.In "The Blood Line", the Mother reveals to Jilly that the Families intend to destroy the Blessing sites in Shanghai and Buenos Aires in order to prevent others from interfering with it, and dictates orders to have explosives placed round the site. However, Jack, Gwen and Oswald are able to infiltrate the site before they can do this. The Mother explains that Jack's blood is attracted to the Blessing as a result of the Families having fed his blood to it, and that this, in combination with humanity's morphic field, caused the human race to become immortal. She details the motives of the Families, who are intent on destabilising the human race so that they can take control and create a new world order. Realising that releasing his blood will reverse the Miracle, Jack threatens to do so, but the Mother laughs off this effort: Jack's blood would have to enter the Blessing from both ends. Her triumph is cut short when Rex, at the Buenos Aires site, reveals that Esther had transfused him with Jack's blood. As Rex and Jack release the blood into the Blessing, the site begins to quake, prompting the Families to evacuate. While Gwen, Jilly and Jack escape in a cargo lift, the Mother attempts to flee, but Oswald grabs her before detonating his explosive vest, bringing the whole site crashing down on top of them.Espenson identifies The Mother as part of an "intentionally multiple array of human villains" which serves to demonstrate that the series "isn't a story about a singular point of evil" but "a collective evil of humanity". The character is seen to speak fluent Mandarin Chinese; an aide was available on set to guide Fisher's pronunciation.


== See also ==
List of Torchwood monsters and aliens
List of Doctor Who supporting characters
List of Doctor Who villains
List of The Sarah Jane Adventures minor characters


== References ==


== External links ==
List of Torchwood characters on Tardis Data Core,  an external wiki
<|endoftext|>
An Auth-Code, also known as an EPP code, authorization code, transfer code, or Auth-Info Code, is a generated passcode required to transfer an Internet domain name between domain registrars; the code is intended to indicate that the domain name owner has authorized the transfer.Auth-Codes are created by the current registrar of the domain.  The registrar is required to provide the Auth-Code to the domain name owner within five calendar days of the owner's request, and ICANN accepts complaints about registrars that do not.  Some registrars allow Auth-Codes to be generated by the domain owners through the registrar's website.


== Alternative systems ==
The .nz domain registry uses an eight-digit Unique Domain Authentication Identifier (UDAI) for domain transfers and name conflict procedures.  The UDAI is provided to the domain owner by the domain's current registrar, and expires after 30 days.The .uk and .co.uk domain registry, instead of using a passcode, has the domain owner specify the new registrar using the old registrar.  The destination registrar is specified using the destination's registrar tag, also known as an Internet Provider Security (IPS) tag or Nominet Provider tag.


== See also ==
Domain lock — another attribute of a domain registration to prevent unauthorized domain transfers and other domain name scams
Extensible Provisioning Protocol (EPP) — protocol used by a large number of domain registries and registrars to communicate domain changes


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Lloyd Bruce Wescott (November 21, 1907 – December 24, 1990) was an agriculturalist, civil servant, and philanthropist in New Jersey. Born and educated in Wisconsin, he moved to New York after college before settling in New Jersey where he served as a member of agricultural boards, chairman of the New Jersey State Board of Control of Institutions and Agencies, and founder and first president of the Hunterdon Medical Center. He was also a major fundraiser and donor of land that became Wescott Preserve in Hunterdon County. Novelist Glenway Wescott was his brother.


== Biography ==
Wescott was born in 1907 on a dairy farm outside Farmington, Washington County, Wisconsin, the son of Bruce and Josephine Wescott. His elder brother Glenway was also born in Wisconsin in 1901. He graduated from high school in Ripon, Wisconsin and attended Ripon College. He then lived for several years in New York City.In March 1935, Wescott married Barbara Harrison, the daughter of Francis Burton Harrison, Governor-General of the Philippines under Woodrow Wilson. In 1936 they purchased a 1,000-acre (4.0 km2) dairy farm along the Mulhocaway Creek in Union Township near Clinton in Hunterdon County, New Jersey. Mulhocaway Farm, as it was known, became the headquarters for the Artificial Breeding Association, a pioneer in the artificial insemination of dairy cows. In the 1950s, Mulhocaway Farm was acquired by the State of New Jersey under eminent domain in order to create the Spruce Run Reservoir.In 1959 the Wescotts moved to a 147-acre (0.59 km2) farm further south in Hunterdon County, near the community of Rosemont in Delaware Township. The farm had been previously owned by big band leader Paul Whiteman.Wescott was a member of the State Board of Agriculture from 1952 to 1956. He was appointed as chairman of the State Board of Control of Institutions and Agencies (later renamed the State Board of Human Services) in 1956. He also served as Chairman of the National Agricultural Stabilization Committee for Dairy Products in 1961.Wescott was one of the founders of the Hunterdon Medical Center in Raritan Township near Flemington, New Jersey. He was chairman of the Medical Center's first study group set up in 1946. In 1949 Wescott chaired the fundraising drive to raise $1.2 million for the construction of the hospital. He subsequently served as President of the Board from 1950 onwards, and was instrumental in establishing a progressive approach to rural medical care. The street leading to the Hunterdon Medical Center is named Wescott Drive in his honor.
Wescott received an honorary degree of Doctor of Humane Letters from Lafayette College in 1955. He was awarded a similar degree by Rutgers University in 1960.In 1966 the Wescotts donated their farmland in Rosemont for the creation of the Wescott Preserve, the first county park in Hunterdon County.In 1987, Wescott sold most of his remaining farmland. He remained active in farmland preservation, helping to dedicate the New Jersey Museum of Agriculture on the Cook College campus of Rutgers University in 1989.


== Personal life ==
Before her marriage to Wescott, Barbara Harrison lived in France, where she worked closely with other American expatriates in the literary world. She and Monroe Wheeler established Harrison of Paris, a press publishing limited-edition literary paperbacks. From 1930 to 1934, Harrison of Paris published thirteen titles, including two new works by Glenway Wescott, Monroe Wheeler's longtime companion. In 1934, shortly before Barbara Harrison married Lloyd Wescott, the press relocated to New York, where it published a final title, Katherine Anne Porter's Hacienda.Glenway Wescott and Monroe Wheeler returned to the United States and maintained an apartment in Manhattan with photographer George Platt Lynes. When Lloyd and Barbara Wescott moved to Mulhocaway Farm, Glenway along with Wheeler and Lynes took over one of the farmhand houses and called it Stone-Blossom. When Lloyd and Barbara later moved to the Rosemont farm, a two-story stone house, dubbed Haymeadows, was reserved for Glenway. He died at the Rosemont residence in 1987.Barbara Wescott continued her patronage of the arts throughout her life. She was a noted collector of artwork, and she played a critical role in the development of the New Jersey State Museum, serving on the museum's Advisory Council. After her death in 1977, a sculpture garden was dedicated in her memory at the State Museum.


== Death ==
Wescott died in 1990 at his Rosemont home at the age of 83.In 2007, the Hunterdon Medical Center named the Wescott Medical Arts Center in his honor.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Cymbopogon, also known as lemongrass, barbed wire grass, silky heads, Cochin grass, Malabar grass, oily heads or fever grass, is a genus of Asian, African, Australian, and tropical island plants in the grass family.
Some species (particularly Cymbopogon citratus) are commonly cultivated as culinary and medicinal herbs because of their scent, resembling that of lemons (Citrus limon).
The name cymbopogon derives from the Greek words kymbe (κύμβη, 'boat') and pogon (πώγων, 'beard') "which mean [that] in most species, the hairy spikelets project from boat-shaped spathes."


== Uses ==

Citronella grass (Cymbopogon nardus and Cymbopogon winterianus) grow to about 2 metres (6 1⁄2 feet) and have magenta-colored base stems. These species are used for the production of citronella oil, which is used in soaps, as an insect repellent (especially mosquitoes and houseflies) in insect sprays and candles, and in aromatherapy. The principal chemical constituents of citronella, geraniol and citronellol, are antiseptics, hence their use in household disinfectants and soaps. Besides oil production, citronella grass is also used for culinary purposes, as a flavoring.
East Indian lemongrass (Cymbopogon flexuosus), also called Cochin grass or Malabar grass, is native to Cambodia, Vietnam, Laos, India, Sri Lanka, Burma, and Thailand, while West Indian lemongrass (Cymbopogon citratus) is native to maritime Southeast Asia. While both can be used interchangeably, C. citratus is more suitable for cooking.
In India, C. citratus is used both as a medical herb and in perfumes. C. citratus is consumed as a tea for anxiety in Brazilian folk medicine, but a study in humans found no effect. The tea caused a recurrence of contact dermatitis in one case. In the Caribbean, the tea is also brewed and consumed to boost immunity.
One study found the tea may exert an erythropoiesis boosting effect.In Hoodoo, lemongrass is the primary ingredient of van van oil, one of the most popular oils used in conjure. Lemongrass is used in this preparation and on its own in hoodoo to protect against evil, spiritually clean a house, and to bring good luck in love affairs.In beekeeping, lemongrass oil imitates the pheromone emitted by a honeybee's Nasonov gland to attract bees to a hive or to a swarm.


== Species ==
Species included in the genus include:

Formerly includedNumerous species now regarded as better suited to other genera including Andropogon, Exotheca, Hyparrhenia, Iseilema, Schizachyrium, and Themeda.


== Images ==

		
		
		
		
		


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
<|endoftext|>
The 1940–41 New York Americans season was the Americans' 16th season of play.


== Offseason ==


== Regular season ==


=== Final standings ===
Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against

         Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold.


=== Record vs. opponents ===


=== Game log ===


== Playoffs ==
The Americans did not qualify for the playoffs


== Player stats ==


=== Regular season ===
ScoringGoaltending


== Awards and records ==


== Transactions ==


== Roster ==


== See also ==
1940–41 NHL season


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 6 families.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Joseph Gibb Robertson (1 January 1820 – 13 March 1899) was a Scottish-born merchant, farmer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Sherbrooke in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1867 to 1892 as a Conservative.
He was born in Stuartfield, Aberdeenshire, the son of the Reverend James Robertson and Elizabeth Murray, and came to Sherbrooke, Lower Canada with his family in 1836. Robertson established a store in Sherbrooke and speculated in land. He owned the Sherbrooke Grist Mill and was a director of the Sherbrooke and Magog Turnpike Road Company. Robertson helped promote the Sherbrooke, Eastern Townships and Kennebec Railway (later part of the Quebec Central Railway) and served as its president. He served as secretary-treasurer for Sherbrooke and was mayor from 1854 to 1855, from 1857 to 1867 and from 1869 to 1872. In 1870, he married Mary Jane Woodward.
Robertson was treasurer for the province several times during the period from 1869 to 1887. He resigned his seat in the cabinet in 1874 during the Tanneries scandal and again later that year because of his opposition to government ownership of the North Shore Railway. He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1892. Robertson served as postmaster for Sherbrooke from 1892 until his death there at the age of 79.
His sister was Margaret Murray Robertson, a novelist. His brother Andrew was a lawyer and governor for McGill University.


== References ==
Vallières, Marc (1990). "Joseph Gibb Robertson". Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online. Retrieved 6 April 2009. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
"Biography". Dictionnaire des parlementaires du Québec de 1792 à nos jours (in French). National Assembly of Quebec.
<|endoftext|>
The Lark Theater is a single-screen Art Deco cinema in Larkspur, California.


== History ==
The Lark Theater was built by the Blumenfeld family in 1936, over a horse-shoe pit.  It anchors the North End of Larkspur's historic downtown district, and is designated a Larkspur Heritage Building.  It is a contributing structure in the Larkspur Downtown Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Lark was designed by architect William B. David, who began his career in the firm of S. Charles Lee and went on to design many Northern California cinemas of the period, including the Lark's sister theaters the Park, in Lafayette, California, and the Noyo in Willits, California.
It may not be a coincidence that all three structures used four-letter names that fit neatly above the marquee.The theater is Larkspur's only Art Deco building.  It originally seated 400 people and featured both heating and air conditioning at the time it opened. Its neon sign and stopped tower are typical details used for 1930s movie theaters.  The two small buildings on either side of the theater were originally used as office and storage space for the theater.


== Closure and renovation ==
Over the decades of its existence, the Lark has been a first-run movie theater and an art-house venue. But by the late 1990s, the building was empty and in disrepair. The theater had been dark for five years, and was slated for demolition in 2003, when local residents mounted a campaign to "Save the Lark." Sufficient funds were raised to restore the theater's interior and exterior, and to do so with environmentally safe materials. Local professionals donated services and volunteers, led by co-founder and Executive Director Bernice Baeza, worked to restore the Lark to its original splendor. For these efforts, the Lark Theater was awarded the 2005 Art Deco Preservation Award from the California Art Deco Society and certified as a green business by the County of Marin. Later, a successful capital campaign made it possible for the non-profit Lark Theater LLC to purchase the building.
On July 9, 2004, the Lark Theater re-opened as an independent, non-profit community film and culture center with a screening of the 1949 film noir classic Impact, which was partially shot in Larkspur. The seating capacity was reduced to 240 seats (down from 400). Since that time, the Lark has offered cultural programming which includes first-run, independent and classic film, an annual Youth Film Festival, live broadcasts of events of civic interest such as the Presidential debates and inauguration, fundraisers for local schools and non-profits, panel discussions and live music.In November, 2012, the theater installed a new 4K NEC digital projector for its single screen. The sound system was upgraded to handle 7.1 media. The 35mm projection equipment remains installed as of June 2015. The theater has no plans of removing it.
The theater also has two Meyers powered speakers, one subwoofer, a 16 channel audio mixing board, audio effects processors and stage lighting for live performances on the small stage.


== References ==


== External links ==
The Lark Theater website
<|endoftext|>
Jorge Zarif Neto (11 September 1957 – 12 March 2008 in São Paulo, Brazil) was a Brazilian Olympic sailor. He competed in the Finn class in the 1984 Summer Olympics (finishing eighth) and in the 1988 Summer Olympics (finishing 19th). He was the father of Brazilian Olympic sailor Jorge Zarif.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Khatsunob (Russian: Хацуноб) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 62 as of 2010.


== Geography ==
It is located 14 km north-west from Gunib, on the Kunada River.


== Nationalities ==
Avars live there.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Watson is an unincorporated community in Shawnee County, Kansas, United States.


== Demographics ==
Watson is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.


== Education ==
The community is served by Shawnee Heights USD 450 public school district, and two schools are located in Watson: Shawnee Heights High School and Shawnee Highs Middle School.


== References ==


== Further reading ==


== External links ==
Shawnee County maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
<|endoftext|>
Jan Frans van Douven, or Johan Francois Douven, (Roermond, 2 March 1656 – Düsseldorf, 1727) was a Southern Netherlandish portrait painter belonging to the Dutch Leyden School. Born in Roermond, he spent most of his life as Court painter in Düsseldorf, now in Germany, where he created most of his works.


== Life and career ==
According to Houbraken, his father Gerard Douven was a canon priest in the Roermond chapter and had spent several years in Rome, where he learned to appreciate art. He gave his enthusiasm to his son taught him Latin by age eleven and some art techniques. His father died young however (aged 33), and his mother apprenticed him for two years in Liege under the supervision of the painter Gabriel Lambertin (who had also studied in Rome). When his cousin, the painter Chistopher Puitlink, returned from his Rome journey, the young Johan studied with him. His work was noticed by Don Jan Dellano Velasco, the minister of finance in Roermond for Charles II of Spain. He spent 3 years working for him, copying the works of Roman painters for his large painting cabinet.According to the RKD, he was the nephew of his teacher Christoffel Puytlinck, and the father of the painter Frans Bartholomeus Douven.
In 1682 he moved to Düsseldorf, as the official painter of the Court of Elector Palatine of Rhineland, Johann Wilhelm von der Pfalz-Neuburg (also called Jan Wellem by the local people). Starting from 1682 he worked on a series of paintings ordered by Elector Palatine. These paintings depict scenes from the quotidian life of the Prince and his second wife, Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici (Scenes from the life of the Court of Düsseldorf). Van Douven played a major role in the establishment of the Painting Gallery of the Palace of Düsseldorf.
Van Douven also travelled to Vienna, accompanying the Elector Palatine on a journey. On this occasion he painted the portraits of the Emperor and the Empress. He also painted portraits of other princes and aristocrats or celebrities, such as the renowned musician Arcangelo Corelli.


== Works (selection) ==

		
		
		
		
		
		
		


== References ==


== External links ==
Biografias y Vidas: Jan Frans van Douven
International Auctioneers: Jan Frans van Douven
<|endoftext|>
Platystethus americanus is a species of spiny-legged rove beetle in the family Staphylinidae. It is found in Central America, North America, and Oceania.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
<|endoftext|>
The Race of UK was the third round of the 2005 World Touring Car Championship season. It was held at the Silverstone Circuit at Silverstone in Britain on May 15, 2005. Gabriele Tarquini won the first race from pole in an Alfa Romeo 1-2-3-4, and Rickard Rydell took a historic first win for SEAT after Andy Priaulx's tyre burst with three laps to go while leading.


== Report ==


=== Qualifying ===
After BMW's domination in Magny-Cours, Alfa Romeo fought back here by taking the first three places in qualifying.
Gabriele Tarquini took pole for them, with teammates James Thompson and Fabrizio Giovanardi close behind him. Andy Priaulx was the first of the BMWs in fourth, and Peter Terting got his best qualifying for SEAT in fifth.


=== Race 1 ===
Pole position man Gabriele Tarquini took off at the start in his Alfa Romeo, with Andy Priaulx jumping up to second from fourth in his home race. Fabrizio Giovanardi, James Thompson and Augusto Farfus followed in three more Alfas. The Alfas set about their task, with Giovanardi getting second from Priaulx before the first lap was complete, with Thompson and Farfus following him soon after, but this allowed Tarquini to quickly get a 1.5 second lead. Behind the top 5, Antonio García was running sixth ahead of the SEATS of Peter Terting and Jason Plato. Giovanardi was unable to close in on Tarquini, despite not allowing his countryman to pull further away. The former was passed by Thompson on lap 4, and the Brit began to close in on Tarquini, with Giovanardi in tow. Priaulx stayed with the Alfas in the early stages, but then got dropped. García now suffered from problems, and was passed by the SEATS of Terting, Plato and Rickard Rydell. At the front, Thompson was unable to pass Tarquini despite putting him under pressure. Tarquini thus took the win with Thompson, Giovanardi and Farfus completing the Alfa 1-2-3-4 ahead of Priaulx's BMW and the three SEATS driven by Terting, Rydell and Plato. The Independent's Trophy was won by Tom Coronel who finished 14th.


=== Race 2 ===
SEAT cars of Plato, Rydell and Terting started 1-2-3 on the reverse grid, but however it was Priaulx who overtook all three of them at the start to take the lead, with Dirk Müller sensationally jumping from 10th to 4th in his BMW as Fabrizio Giovanardi stalled and resumed in last. A collision between García and Robert Huff's Chevrolet brought out the safety car. The race restarted after 3 laps with Priaulx leading Rydell, Plato, Dirk Müller, Terting, Farfus, Tarquini and Thompson. Priaulx kept his lead but Rydell stayed right with him, whereas Plato was unable to and had to defend from Dirk Müller. Farfus quickly dealt with Terting, and as Tarquini tried to do these same, Thompson sneaked up on both of them. There was contact, and Thompson was sent spinning into the gravel and retired. Priaulx continued to lead with Rydell putting him under pressure; but with 3 laps left, Priaulx suffered a puncture and retired. Rydell gratefully took the lead, with Plato and Dirk Müller following, but soon Tarquini and Farfus passed Dirk. Jordi Gené also did the same in his SEAT, and behind him Jörg Müller took 7th from Terting, clipping the latter into a spin. Rydell took his first career win, with Plato completing a SEAT 1-2 by holding off Tarquini and Farfus. Gene, Dirk and Jörg Müller followed, with Giovanardi recovering to take the final point. Marc Hennerici took his fourth Independents Trophy by finishing 9th.


== Classification ==


=== Race 1 ===


=== Race 2 ===


== Standings after the races ==


== References ==


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
Hideko Oka (岡 秀子, Oka Hideko, born 14 February 1953) is a Japanese fencer. She competed in the women's individual and team foil events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Roman Smirnov (born October 29, 1986) is a Belarusian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.


== Personal records ==


=== Career highlights ===


== External links ==
Smirnov at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Smirnov at SkateResults.com
<|endoftext|>
Marilyn Yalom (March 10, 1932 – November 20, 2019) was a feminist author and historian. She was a senior scholar at the Clayman Institute for Gender Research at Stanford University, and a professor of French. She served as the institute's director from 1984 to 1985.


== Life and work ==
Marilyn Yalom's scholarly publications include Blood Sisters (1993),  A History of the Breast (1997), A History of the Wife (2001), Birth of the Chess Queen (2004), The American Resting Place (2008) with photos by Reid Yalom, and How the French Invented Love (2012).
Her books have been translated into 20 languages.
In addition to her text, The American Resting Place contains a portfolio of 64 black and white art photos taken by her son Reid Yalom.  Marilyn Yalom was presented with a Certificate of Recognition from the California State Assembly “honoring extraordinary leadership in the literary arts and continued commitment to ensuring the quality of reading” through her book The American Resting Place: Four Hundred Years of History, thereby benefiting the people of the City and County of San Francisco and the State of California.”
Her most recent book, How the French Invented Love, was short-listed for the Phi Beta Kappa Gauss literary award and for the American Library in Paris book award, in 2013.
Yalom was decorated by the French government as an Officier des Palmes Academiques in 1991, and she received an Alumnae Achievement Award from Wellesley College in 2013.She was married to the psychiatrist and author Irvin Yalom.She died on November 20, 2019, from multiple myeloma, a form of cancer that affects the bone marrow.


== Awards and honors ==
2013 American Library in Paris Book Award, shortlisted for How the French Invented Love


== Works ==
Maternity, Mortality, and the Literature of Madness (1985).
Blood Sisters: The French Revolution in Women's memory (1993).
A History of the Breast (1997).
A History of the Wife (2001).
Birth of the Chess Queen (2004).
The American Resting Place (2008).
The American Resting Place: Four Hundred Years of History (2009).
How the French Invented Love (2012).
The Social Sex: A History of Female Friendship (2015).
Compelled to Witness: Women's Memoirs of the French Revolution (2015).
The Amorous Heart: An Unconventional History of Love (2018).


== References ==


== External links ==
Oral History with Marilyn Yalom, Stanford Historical Society Oral History Program, 1987.
<|endoftext|>
Confine is a village (curazia) located in San Marino. It belongs to the municipality (castello) of Chiesanuova. Its name, in Italian language, means "border".


== Geography ==
The village is situated in the southern corner of the state, close to the borders with Italy and the municipalities of San Leo and Verucchio. It is one of the southernmost villages of San Marino.


== Notes and references ==


== See also ==
Chiesanuova
Caladino
Galavotto
Molarini
Poggio Casalino
Poggio Chiesanuova
Teglio
<|endoftext|>
Payson Alton Sherman (August 14, 1889 – October 5, 1977) was a Canadian politician and a two-term Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.


== Background ==
He was born in Scotstown, Quebec on August 14, 1889 and married Margaret Muir in New Hampshire in 1914.


== Member of the legislature ==
Sherman ran as a Conservative candidate in the provincial district of Compton in the 1935 election and won against Liberal incumbent William James Duffy.
He joined Maurice Duplessis's Union Nationale and was re-elected in the 1936 election. He did not run for re-election in the 1939 election.


== Mayor ==
He served as school board member, city councillor and from 1947 to 1957 Mayor of Hampden, Quebec in the Eastern Townships.


== Retirement ==
He co-founded the Compton County Historical Society in 1959 and died on October 5, 1977.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
During the 1960–61 English football season, Newcastle United F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.


== Season summary ==
In the 1960–61 season, Newcastle were relegated after 13 years in the top flight after a season which saw the Magpies score an impressive 86 goals, but conceded a horrific 109 goals.


== Final league table ==

P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GA = Goal average; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points


== Results ==
Newcastle United's score comes first


=== Legend ===


=== Football League First Division ===


=== FA Cup ===


=== League Cup ===


== Squad ==

[1]
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Air Force Camp (Persian: اردوگاه نيروي هوايي‎ – Ardūgāh-e Nīrvī-ye Havāyī) is a village and military installation in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 35, in 12 families.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Loko, or Landogo, is a Southwestern Mande language spoken by the Loko people, who primarily live in Northern Sierra Leone. There are two known dialects, Landogo and Logo, which are mutually intelligible. Ethnic Loko outnumber native Loko speakers due to the linguistic encroachment of Temne and Krio and urbanization to Freetown, where Loko is internally and externally seen as a low-prestige language.


== Citations ==


== References ==
Kimball, Les. 1983. A description of the grammar of Loko. Freetown. Institute for Sierra Leonean Languages.
Innes, Gordon. 1964. An outline grammar of Loko with texts. African Language Studies, pp. 115-178.
<|endoftext|>
Sean Highdale (born 4 March 1991) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder.


== Early career ==
Highdale joined Liverpool's youth team set up aged 9, and captained the Under-18 side, including being named in the team for the 2007 FA Youth Cup final games. After his last game for Liverpool's academy, Highdale was told he would be moving as a full-time professional to Melwood, the club's main training facility in April 2008.


== Accident and subsequent football career ==
The next day he was a passenger in a car crash in Liverpool which resulted in the death of two of his friends, and left him with critical injuries which included a bleed on his brain, three of the four main ligaments in his right knee being snapped, a broken neck and ankle and resulted in the removal of a kidney and being in a coma for five days.After intensive rehabilitation over the next two years, supported by Liverpool, he went on a youth loan to Oldham Athletic before
a further loan period with Welsh Premier League club Newtown at the beginning of 2011. At the end of the season, he was released by Liverpool and in July 2011 he joined Vauxhall Motors. before moving in October to Burscough.In 2013, he was playing in the Liverpool County Premier League for Old Xaverians. Later that season he was awarded a compensatory payout of millions of pounds, which recognised the potential earnings he could have earned in his football career.In August 2013 he registered as a player for North West Counties Football League club Widnes Vikings.


== Paralympian football ==
In 2016, he was named in the Great Britain team to compete in the football tournament at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Brazil, eligible as a result of an acquired brain injury from the car accident in 2008. He made his Paralympics debut for the team in a match against Brazil.


== External links ==
Sean Highdale at Soccerway
GB Paralympics profile


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Neppu Kairiku Bushi Road (Japanese: 熱風海陸ブシロード, Hepburn: Neppu Kairiku Bushi Rōdo) is a Japanese media franchise that was originally announced in 2003 by the title Neppu Kairiku Bushi Lord as a collaboration between the companies Gainax, Takara and Broccoli. After the death of story creator Sunao Yoshida in 2004 and the departure of other staff members, the project was put on indefinite hiatus, but was eventually restarted by Bushiroad in March 2013 with Bushiroad's president Takaaki Kidani as executive producer.
A 90-minute-long anime aired as part of a 3-hour special on December 31, 2013, a collaboration between Bushiroad, Bandai Visual, Nitroplus and Kinema Citrus. The anime used "Neppu Kairiku Bushi Road 〜Atsuki Houkou〜" (熱風海陸ブシロード 〜熱き咆吼〜) by Masatoshi Ono as ending theme music.
The franchise is part of Bushiroad's new trading card game Five Qross, alongside Fantasista Doll and Infinite Stratos. A manga series was serialized in Jive's shōnen manga magazine Comic Rush from December 2004 to July 2007. A spin-off manga series titled Neppu Kairiku Bushi Road Side: Suou began serialization in Bushiroad's Bushiroad Monthly magazine from October 2013.


== Plot ==
The story takes place in a time when the world is in the pits of despair after being ravaged by a poison called "shinobi" that came to earth via an asteroid. The people ran away to the place called "Kairiku," a place that used to be the bottom of the ocean. Here, the people try and protect themselves against the effects of the poison. In such a world, there was a single light of hope. The "Holy Weapon Giga Road" and the legendary warrior "Yagyuu" are needed in order to counter the effects of the poison. Ame, a princess of a fallen nation, stands up in order to save the world.


== Characters ==
Ame (アメ)
Voiced by: Megumi Han
A former princess/priestess of the country Ise.
Her mother is dead because of a shinobi. She travels with companions and a key to finding a weapon built by men who put an end to the shinobi. She has romantic feelings for Suou. In the last part of the movie, Suou is the one who survives the battle between the Tsukuyomi and cries at the end.
Yagyū Suō (スオウ)
Voiced by: KENN
He is a Yagyuu, the last of its kind. On the verge of death, he meets Ame who saves him and he decides to follow her. He has romantic feelings for Ame.
Sanda (サンダ)
Voiced by: Unshō Ishizuka
A swordsman working under Ame.
Tsukiyomi (ツキヨミ)
Voiced by: Shūta Morishima
A scholar from Ise, who was supposedly dead, but is alive for a mysterious reason. He became the leader of the shinobis.
Shin Kazusa (カズサ＝シン)
Voiced by: Kōsuke Toriumi
The young leader of the country Tōra.
Hinata Hashiba (ハシバ＝ヒナタ)
Voiced by: Tomo Saeki
A female officer working under Shin.
Kagato Maeda (マエダ＝カガト)
Voiced by: Chihiro Suzuki
A male officer working under Shin.
Hana (ハナ)
Voiced by: Izumi Kitta
Yuzu (ユズ)
Voiced by: Sora Tokui
Rin (リン)
Voiced by: Suzuko Mimori
Eri (エリ)
Voiced by: Mikoi Sasaki
Ame's mother (アメの母, Ame no haha)
Voiced by: Miki Itō
Sonchō (村長)
Voiced by: Susumi Akagi


== Reception ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website (in Japanese)
Neppu Kairiku Bushi Road (anime) at Anime News Network's encyclopedia
<|endoftext|>
Hermesianax of Colophon (Greek: Ἑρμησιάναξ; gen.: Ἑρμησιάνακτος) was an Ancient Greek elegiac poet of the Hellenistic period, said to be a pupil of Philitas of Cos; the dates of his life and work are all but lost, but Philitas is supposed to have been born c. 340 BC.His chief work was a poem in three books, dedicated to his mistress Leontion. Of this poem a fragment of about one hundred lines has been preserved by Athenaeus. Plaintive in tone, it enumerates instances, mythological and semi-historical, of the irresistible power of love. Hermesianax, whose style is characterized by alternate force and tenderness, was exceedingly popular in his own times, and was highly esteemed even in the Augustan period.
Many separate editions have been published of the fragment, the text of which is in a very unsatisfactory condition: by FW Schneidewin (1838), J Bailey (1839, with notes, glossary, and Latin and English versions), and others; R Schulze's Quaestiones Hermesianacteae (1858) contains an account of the life and writings of the poet and a section on the identity of Leontion.


== Representation in art ==


== Notes ==


== References ==
Hopkinson, N. (1988), A Hellenistic Anthology, Cambridge, ISBN 978-0-521-31425-1.
Hutchinson, G.O. (1988), Hellenistic Poetry, Oxford, ISBN 978-0-19-814748-0.
Lightfoot, J.L. (2009), Hellenistic Collection: Philitas, Alexander of Aetolia, Hermesianax, Euphorion, Parthenius, Loeb Classical Library, no. 508, Cambridge, MA, ISBN 978-0-674-99636-6.
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Hermesianax". Encyclopædia Britannica. 13 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 371.
<|endoftext|>
Zinc finger RNA binding protein is a protein in humans that is encoded by the ZFR gene.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
<|endoftext|>
Gibberula sandwicensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.The spelling with the epithet "sandwichensis" is a misspelling.


== Description ==


== Distribution ==
This species is distributed in the Indian Ocean along Madagascar


== References ==

Dautzenberg, Ph. (1929). Mollusques testacés marins de Madagascar. Faune des Colonies Francaises, Tome III
<|endoftext|>
Fontenay-Mauvoisin is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.


== See also ==
Communes of the Yvelines department


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The history of Lisbon, the capital city of Portugal, revolves around its strategic geographical position at the mouth of the Tagus, the longest river in the Iberian Peninsula. Its spacious and sheltered natural harbour made the city historically an important seaport for trade between the Mediterranean Sea and northern Europe. Lisbon has long enjoyed the commercial advantages of its proximity to southern and extreme western Europe, as well as to sub-Saharan Africa and the Americas, and today its waterfront is lined with miles of docks, wharfs, and drydock facilities that accommodate the largest oil tankers.During the Neolithic period, pre-Celtic peoples inhabited the region; remains of their stone monuments still exist today in the periphery of the city. Lisbon is one of the oldest cities in western Europe, with a history that stretches back to its original settlement by the indigenous Iberians, the Celts, and the eventual establishment of Phoenician and Greek trading posts (c. 800–600 BC), followed by successive occupations in the city of various peoples including the Carthaginians, Romans, Suebi, Visigoths, and Moors. Roman armies first entered the Iberian peninsula in 219 BC, and occupied the Lusitanian city of Olissipo (Lisbon) in 205 BC, after winning the Second Punic War against the Carthaginians. With the collapse of the Roman Empire, waves of Germanic tribes invaded the peninsula, and by 500 AD, the Visigothic Kingdom controlled most of Hispania.
In 711, Islamic Moors, who were mostly Berbers and Arabs from the Maghreb, invaded the Christian Iberian Peninsula, conquering Lisbon in 714. What is now Portugal first became part of the Emirate of Córdoba and then of its successor state, the Caliphate of Córdoba. Despite attempts to seize it by the Normans in 844 and by Alfonso VI in 1093, Lisbon remained a Muslim possession. In 1147, after a four-month siege, Christian crusaders under the command of Afonso I captured the city and Christian rule returned. In 1256, Afonso III moved his capital from Coimbra to Lisbon, taking advantage of the city's excellent port and its strategic central position.
Lisbon flourished in the 15th and 16th centuries as the centre of a vast empire during the period of the Portuguese discoveries, This was a time of intensive maritime exploration, when the Kingdom of Portugal accumulated great wealth and power through its colonisation of Asia, South America, Africa and the Atlantic islands. Evidence of the city's wealth can still be seen today in the magnificent structures built then, including the Jerónimos Monastery and the nearby Tower of Belém, each classified a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983.

The 1755 Lisbon earthquake, in combination with subsequent fires and a tsunami, almost totally destroyed Lisbon and adjoining areas. Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal, took the lead in ordering the rebuilding of the city, and was responsible for the creation of the elegant financial and commercial district of the Baixa Pombalina (Pombaline Lower Town).
During the Peninsular War, (1807–1814) Napoleon's forces began a four-year occupation of the city in December 1807, and Lisbon descended with the rest of the country into anarchy. After the war ended in 1814, a new constitution was proclaimed and Brazil was granted independence. The 20th century brought political upheaval to Lisbon and the nation as a whole. In 1908, at the height of the turbulent period of the Republican movement, King Carlos and his heir Luís Filipe were assassinated in the Terreiro do Paço. On 5 October 1910, the Republicans organised a coup d'état that overthrew the constitutional monarchy and established the Portuguese Republic. There were 45 changes of government from 1910 through 1926.The right-wing Estado Novo regime, which ruled the country from 1926 to 1974, suppressed civil liberties and political freedom in the longest-lived dictatorship in Western Europe. It was finally deposed by the Carnation Revolution (Revolução dos Cravos), launched in Lisbon with a military coup on 25 April 1974. The movement was joined by a popular campaign of civil resistance, leading to the fall of the Estado Novo, the restoration of democracy, and the withdrawal of Portugal from its African colonies and East Timor. Following the revolution, there was a huge influx into Lisbon of refugees from the former African colonies in 1974 and 1975.
Portugal joined the European Community (EC) in 1986, and subsequently received massive funding to spur redevelopment. Lisbon's local infrastructure was improved with new investment and its container port became the largest on the Atlantic coast. The city was in the limelight as the 1994 European City of Culture, as well as host of Expo '98 and the 2004 European Football Championships. The year 2006 saw continuing urban renewal projects throughout the city, ranging from the restoration of the Praça de Touros (Lisbon's bullring) and its re-opening as a multi-event venue, to improvements of the metro system and building rehabilitation in the Alfama.


== Prehistory to the Neolithic period ==

There are traces of human occupation for many thousands of years in the area of what is now Lisbon. Its terrain was made attractive by the advantages of dwelling near the River Tagus and its estuary. The first human inhabitants were probably the Neanderthals, who gradually became extinct about 30,000 years ago when modern humans entered the Iberian Peninsula. During the Neolithic period, the region was inhabited by an unknown people who lived in farming communities near the coast. Some of the megalithic burial chambers in the region around Lisbon appear to have been built by Mesolithic pastoral-hunting peoples. They built religious monuments called megaliths, dolmens and menhirs that still survive in the periphery of the city. Permanent settlements are not shown in the archaeological record until c. 2500 BC.


== Antiquity ==
Ancient authors refer to popular legends that the city of Lisbon was founded by the mythical hero Odysseus. The Estrímnios (in Portuguese) are given by some historians as the first known native people of Portugal. Called  Oestrimni (Latin for "people of the far west") by the Romans, they extended their territory from present-day Galicia to the Algarve during the Late Bronze Age (1100–700 B.C.). These indigenous communities engaged in maritime and overland commerce, their fortified settlements dominating trade on the larger rivers and coastal estuaries of central southern Portugal.The Indo-European Celts entered the Iberian peninsula in the first millennium BC and gradually spread west to the Atlantic, intermarrying with the native Pre-Indo-European population, and thus giving rise to Celtic-speaking local tribes such as the Cempsi and Sefes or Ophis ("People of the Serpents"). They colonised the fertile lands of Oestriminis and formed a territory known to the Greeks as Ophiussa (Land of Serpents), stretching from the Douro to the Tagus.

Although the first fortifications on Lisbon's Castelo hill are known to be no older than the 2nd century BC, recent archaeological finds have shown that Iron Age people occupied the site from the 8th to 6th centuries BC. This indigenous settlement maintained commercial relations with the Phoenicians, which would account for the recent findings of Phoenician pottery and other material objects. Archaeological excavations made near the Castle of São Jorge (Castelo de São Jorge) and Lisbon Cathedral indicate a Phoenician presence at this location since 1200 BC, and it can be stated with confidence that a Phoenician trading post stood on a site now the centre of the present city, on the southern slope of the Castle hill.The Phoenicians are known to have traded with the resident Oestrimni and related tribes. The harbour of the Mar da Palha (Sea of Straw), a large basin in the estuary of the River Tagus near the river's mouth, is the best natural port on the Atlantic coast of Portugal, stretching 23 km at its widest point. This would have made it an ideal location for a settlement to unload and reprovision Phoenician ships sailing on trade voyages. Legend tells that they sailed to Cornwall in Britain and the legendary Tin Islands, or Cassiterides, to buy tin from the natives, but this is unsubstantiated.

The Phoenicians established a trading post at the site, supposedly called Alis Ubbo, meaning "Pleasant Haven" or "Safe Harbour" in the Phoenician language. It may have been an outpost of the Tyrian colony at Gadir (Cádiz). The indigenous settlement extended from the highest hill in the vicinity, where the Castle and Cathedral now stand, to the Tagus.
For centuries, the Phoenicians had cultivated relationships with the indigenous peoples on the Atlantic coast of Iberia. From what was a simple outpost for trade with northern Europe, the Tagus settlement became an important centre of commercial trade where they exchanged their manufactured products for valuable metals, salted fish and salt with the inland tribes of the region accessible by the Tagus. Although Phoenician remains from the 8th century BC have been found beneath the medieval Sé de Lisboa (Lisbon Cathedral), most modern historians believe that Lisbon was founded as an ancient indigenous settlement that maintained commercial relations with the Phoenicians (accounting for the discovery of Phoenician pottery and artefacts at the site). It is possible that the Phocaean Greeks at one time also had a trading station at the mouth of the Tagus, but were eventually driven out as the Phoenician colony of Carthage increasingly dominated maritime commerce in the western Mediterranean and expanded its naval power, with control of localised mercantile relations with Olissipo passing to that city.
A multitude of Lusitanian deities, including Aracus, Carneus, and Bandiarbariaicus were worshiped at the city by the original inhabitants of the Turduli settlement.


=== Olisipo: Roman Lisbon ===

The suffix "-ippo" (-ipo), present in "Olissipo" (the Roman name of Lisbon), is typical of Tartessian or Turdetani linguistic influence. Lisbon's name was written Ulyssippo in Latin by the geographer Pomponius Mela, a native of Hispania. It was referred to as "Olisippo" by Pliny the Elder and by the Greeks as Olissipo (Ὀλισσιπών) and Olissipona (Ὀλισσιπόνα). According to local legend, the location was named for the mythical Ulysses, who founded the settlement. Later, the Greek name appeared in Vulgar Latin in the form Olissipona, mentioned in the Etymologies of Saint Isidore of Seville.Recent archaeological finds show that Lisbon grew around a pre-Roman settlement on the hill of the Castelo de São Jorge, as its ancient name, Olissipo, indicates. During the Second Punic War, Mago, the younger brother of Hannibal, was stationed with his troops among the Cynetes, or Conii, in the Algarve, while Hasdrubal Gisco was encamped at the mouth of the Tagus on the Atlantic coast. After the defeat of Hannibal at the Battle of Zama in 202 BC, Rome decided to deprive Carthage of its most valuable possession, Hispania (the name given by the Romans to the whole of the Iberian Peninsula). With the decisive victory of Scipio at the Battle of Ilipa in Spain in 206 BC, the Carthaginian hold in Iberia was broken.
Following the defeat of the Carthaginians in eastern Hispania, the pacification of the West was led by Consul Decimus Junius Brutus Callaicus. Brutus obtained the alliance of Olissipo by integrating it into the Empire in 138 BC. when the Romans sought to conquer the Lusitanians and other peoples of the northwest Iberian Peninsula. He also fortified the city, building defensive city walls against Lusitanian raids and rebellions. The townspeople fought beside the Roman legions against the Celtic tribes; in return the city became a Municipium Cives Romanorum  and was given the name Olisipo Felicitas Julia by either Julius Caesar or Octavian. Local authorities were granted self-rule over a territory that extended 50 kilometres (31 mi), and was integrated within the Roman province of Lusitania, whose capital was Emerita Augusta. The city was granted the Latin Rights (ius Latii), giving its citizens the privileges of Roman citizenship and exempting them from paying taxes. The city population was around 30,000 at the time. Among the majority of Latin speakers lived a large minority of Greek traders and slaves.
Earthquakes were documented in 60 BC, several from 47 to 44 BC, several in 33 AD and a strong quake in 382 AD, but the exact amount of damage to the city is unknown. The town was located between the Castle Hill and the Baixa, but most riparian areas were at the time still submerged by the Tagus. Olissipo in Roman times was an important commercial centre, providing a link between the northern countries and the Mediterranean Sea. Its main products were garum, a fish sauce considered a luxury, salt and the Lusitanian horses renowned in antiquity.


=== Invasions and the Germanic tribes ===

After the disintegration of the Roman empire and the subsequent feudalisation of society, the first waves of invaders, including Alans, Germanic tribes, Huns, and others, swept into the peninsula. Initially accepted as settlers in lands depopulated by the terrible epidemics (probably measles and smallpox) that killed much of the population, their incursions soon gave way to military expeditions with the sole object of plunder and conquest.
In the early 5th century the Vandals took Olissipo, followed by the Alans. In 419 Olissipo was plundered and burnt by the Visigothic king Walia, who founded the Visigothic kingdom in Spain. Remismund conquered Lisbon in 468 with the help of a Hispano-Roman called Lusidius,  and finally in 469 it was integrated into the Suevi kingdom whose capital city was Braga. After the invasion, the Visigoths set up their court in Toledo and following several wars during the 6th century, conquered the Suevi, thus unifying the Iberian Peninsula, including the city they called Ulixbona. During this tumultuous time, Lisbon lost its political links with Constantinople, but not its commercial connections. Merchant Greeks, Syrians, Jews, and others from the East formed communities that exchanged local products with the Byzantine Empire, Asia and India.


== Middle Ages ==


=== Al-Us̲h̲būna: Muslim Lisbon ===

After three centuries of looting by invaders and the devastation of its economy, Ulixbona was reduced to little more than a village by the beginning of the 8th century.  In 711, taking advantage of a civil war in the Visigothic Kingdom, the Arabs, led by Tariq ibn Ziyad, invaded the Iberian Peninsula with their Moorish troops. Ulixbona, like the rest of the western peninsula, was conquered by the troops of Abdelaziz ibn Musa, a son of Tariq, who took the city in 714.Lisbon, known to the Arabs as "al-Us̲h̲būna" or al-ʾIšbūnah  الأشبونة, again became a major commercial and administrative centre for the territory along the Tagus, collecting its raw products and exchanging them for goods from the Arabic Mediterranean, particularly Morocco, Tunisia, Egypt, Syria and Iraq. According to contemporary accounts, the city was one of the largest cities in Europe at the time, several times larger than Paris and London, which then had only 5,000–10,000 inhabitants each.Most of the Hispano-Roman inhabitants adopted the Arabic language of the Muslim invaders, who, although a minority among the population, had become the new elite. The members of the Mozarabic Christian population had their own bishop, and were speakers of Arabic, or a variety of Vulgar Latin. Speaking the Mozarabic language, a Romance language similar to that spoken in Galicia and the northern provinces, was tolerated by the Muslim authorities as one of the rights of residence allowed the dhimmi, in exchange for their paying a tax, the jizyah. This Mozarabic community, which followed the heretical Arian Christian rites and customs of the Visigoths, was usually ostracised by Roman Catholics.
The Jewish community, which had existed since the city's earliest days, grew more influential as Jews established themselves as merchants and gained the financial advantage of living in the city's rising commercial hub. Besides salt, fish and horses, they traded spices from the Levant, medicinal herbs, dried fruit, honey and furs. The Saqaliba (Arabic:Saqāliba), slaves from Eastern Europe who served as mercenarys, joined the population and also acquired a prominent position in society. The Slavic slave Sabur al-Saqlabi ((Sabur the Slav)) became, during what was later known as the régulo eslavo, ruler of the Taifa of Badajoz. He was the son of Sabur al-Jatib, a Slav who had been in the service of al-Hakam II. His sons Abd al-Aziz ibn Sabur and Abd al-Malik ibn Sabur ruled successively as emirs of the Taifa of Lisbon.

Al-Us̲h̲būna was renovated and rebuilt in the customary pattern of the Middle Eastern city: high walls (muralhas) surrounding the main buildings, which were a large mosque, a castle at the top of the hill (which in modified form became the Castelo de São Jorge), a medina or urban centre, and an alcácer, or fortress-palace for the governor. The Alfama neighbourhood grew next to the original urban core. The citadel of al-Madan, now the city of Almada, was built on the south bank of the Tagus to protect the port.
The Arabs and Berbers introduced new methods of irrigated agriculture that were much more productive than the old Roman system of irrigation. The waters of the Tagus and its tributaries were used to irrigate the land in summer, producing several crops a year of vegetables including lettuce and annual crops of oranges.
Lisbon became part of the Umayyad Caliphate based in Damascus, Syria, soon after the beginning of Muslim rule in Iberia. An ongoing rebellion (740–743) of the Berber or "Moorish" elite against the Umayyads had spread through the Maghreb (North Africa) and across the Strait of Gibraltar to al-Andalus, but needed reinforcements to defeat the caliphate. When the Umayyad dynasty was finally toppled by the Abbasid Revolution in 750, Abd al-Rahman I, an Umayyad prince, fled with his family from the capital in Damascus across North Africa to al-Andalus, and gained independence from the new Abbasid Caliphate. There he established the Umayyad Emirate of Córdoba and Lisbon came under its dominion.
With the beginning of the Reconquista, the opulent al-Us̲h̲būna became a target of raids by the Christians, who plundered the city first in 796 and on other occasions in the following years, led by King Alfonso II of Asturias, but the border between Muslim and Christian Iberia remained north of the Douro. In 844 several dozen Viking boats sailed into the Sea of Straw. After a siege of 13 days, the Scandinavians conquered the city and the surrounding territory, but eventually retreated in the face of continued resistance by the townspeople led by their governor, Wahb Allah ibn Hazm.At the beginning of the 10th century, various Islamic sects rose in al-Us̲h̲būna and converted the Hispano-Roman population. These sects were a form of political organization in revolt against the hierarchical system of the Muslim conquerors which institutionalised obstacles to their social mobility. The elite descendants of Muhammad ranked first, then full-blooded Arabs, then Berbers or Moors, and lastly the Arabised Muslims and Hispano-Romans. Several Hispano-Roman leaders emerged, including Ali ibn Ashra and others, who claimed to be prophets or descendants of `Alī ibn Abī Ṭālib, regarded by Shias as the first Imam. With their allies in other cities they started civil wars against the Sunni Arab troops. The Mozarabs and the Jews were treated even worse, sometimes suffering persecution that, although regrettable in modern eyes, was a pale reflection of what the Catholics would do not only against Muslims and Jews, but even against fellow Christians themselves when they reconquered the land.
The king of Asturias, Ordonho I, took the city in 851, as did Alfonso VI of León in 1093 when al-Mutawakkil of Badajoz surrendered al-Us̲h̲būna, S̲h̲antarīn (Santarém), and S̲h̲intra (Sintra) to Alfonso in 1093, but it was soon retaken by the   Amoravids in 1094. An unsuccessful new attack by the Vikings followed in 966.
With the fragmentation of the Caliphate of Córdoba around the year 1000 as a result of political infighting, the notable leaders of al-Us̲h̲būna oscillated between obedience to the Taifa of Badajoz or to that of Ishbiliya (Seville), and were able to manoeuvre politically to obtain considerable autonomy. This situation lasted a short time until the return of the division of the Taifa brought autonomy and prosperity for al-Us̲h̲būna. In 1111 a new pan-Hispanic Caliphate was established after an Almoravid invasion from the deserts of Morocco led by the caliph Ali ibn Yusuf. His general, Zir ibn Abi Bakr, Yusuf's nephew, forced Lisbon to surrender in 1111 after several unsuccessful attempts, and was later stopped in the region of Tomar by Gualdim Pais, Grand Master of the Order of Knights Templar of Portugal. This new caliphate did not last long, and soon the times of divided taifas and a powerful al-Us̲h̲būna had returned.


=== Conquest of al-Us̲h̲būna ===

Internal dissensions eventually divided the loyalties of the kingdoms in al-Andalus of the 11th century; the collapse of the Caliphate of Córdoba in 1031 led to a period of smaller successor states (taifas), while the Kingdom of León lying directly to the north was ceded the county of Portugal. The history of the county is traditionally dated from the reconquest in 868 by Vímara Peres  of the city of Portucale (Porto), which was the port of Cale, the present Gaia. Although the county had its seat at Guimarães, the economic strength that enabled its autonomy was based in Portucale. The isolated Atlantic province, recently centred in Coimbra, separated from the Kingdom of León to become the independent Kingdom of Portugal in 1139. It was eventually attached to Lisbon, thus integrating the territories adjoining the entire length of the Tagus.
Famed for its opulence, al-Us̲h̲būna's capture would bring the kingdom great prestige. Afonso I and his Christian forces first attempted to conquer the city in 1137 but failed to breach the city walls. In 1140 crusaders passing through Portugal launched another unsuccessful attack. According to the Anglo-Norman chronicler, in June and July 1147 a more numerous force of crusaders, consisting of 164 boatloads of English, Norman, and Rhenish crusaders, left from Dartmouth in England bound for the Holy Land. Bad weather forced the ships to stop on the Portuguese coast at Porto where they were persuaded to join in a new assault on the city. While the Portuguese forces attacked by land, the crusaders, lured by promises of booty to be taken and prisoners to be ransomed, set up their siege engines, among them catapults and towers, and attacked both by sea and land, preventing the arrival of reinforcements from the south. In their first encounters the Muslims killed many Christians; this affected the Crusader's morale, and occasioned several bloody conflicts between the various Christian contingents.

Legend has it that after many previous attempts, the Portuguese knight Martim Moniz led an attack on the castle doors and when he saw the Moors closing them, blocked the doorway with his own body, allowing his companions to enter, and was crushed. With the success of the crusaders' assault on the city's walls with siege engines, the Moors capitulated on 22 October. According to an account by the priest Raol addressed to Osbert of Bawdsley (Osbernus), Germans from Cologne and the Flemish cohort violated their oaths to the king of Portugal after entering the city and plundered it. These crusaders behaved in a wanton manner, looting Muslims and Mozarabs indiscriminately, debauching virgins and even cutting the throat of the elderly Mozarab bishop. Afterwards, an epidemic of the plague killed thousands among the Mozarabic and the Muslim populations.
Afonso I officially took possession of the city on 1 November, when the Great Mosque in the Moorish Aljama was dedicated to St. Mary in a religious ceremony converting it to a Cathedral. He appointed Gilberto of Hastings, an English crusader, the first Catholic bishop of the city, and granted lands and titles to many of the most prominent crusaders in the region.
After conquering the city, Afonso I received information that the relics of Saint Vincent of Saragossa were buried in the Algarve. He made his way southward to reclaim the martyr's remains. but when he arrived at the village it had been totally destroyed and there was no sign of the burial site. A flock of crows was seen flying over the place when the remains were finally found in 1176, and according to legend, two crows accompanied the boat that was carrying them all the way to Lisbon. In commemoration of this story, the crow was chosen to adorn the city's coat of arms as a symbol of its faithful guardians; but the fearless birds are no longer found in the area.
Three years later, in 1150, Afonso I built a cathedral on the site of the Great Mosque, now the Sé. The original Christian edifice built on the site had been converted into a mosque by the Moors, but when Afonso took the city, the building was already decrepit. He had the structure rebuilt and enlarged under the name of the first cathedral of Lisbon, Santa María, and all the privileges of Mérida, the ancient ecclesiastical capital of the former Roman province of Lusitania, passed to the new diocese.


=== Medieval Christian Lisbon ===

Afonso I granted Lisbon a Foral in 1179, and tried to restore the city's commercial connections by inaugurating a major new fair or market. Consequently, the Portuguese merchants, Christian and Jewish, not only reestablished some of the old trade links of al-Us̲h̲būna with Seville and Cádiz, and in the Mediterranean with Constantinople, but also opened up new trade routes to the ports of northern Europe that the Muslims rarely visited because of religious differences. Lisbon became a conduit for maritime trade between the North Sea and the Mediterranean, and thanks to advances in navigation, the volume of ocean shipping increased. Portuguese merchants opened trade houses in Seville, Southampton, Bruges, and in the cities of the Hansa, which later joined to form the Hanseatic League. Meanwhile, the Portuguese Jews continued to trade with their relatives in North Africa. They exchanged Portuguese olive oil, salt, wine, cork, honey and wax as well as wool and fine linen textiles, tin, iron, dyes, amber, guns, furs and artisanal works of the north for the spices, silks and herbal remedies of the Mediterranean countries, in addition to the gold, ivory, rice, alum, almonds and sugar bought from the Arabs and Moors. Shipyards were founded to build more commercial and military vessels for the naval fleet (armada) essential to protect this trade from Saracen pirates. Increasing demand for goods by the growing populations of Europe in the 12th and 13th centuries stimulated innovations in the construction of boats, the sturdy but clumsy barge (barca) becoming obsolete when a gradual synthesis of Christian, Viking and Arabic sea-going knowledge led to the development of the caravel (first mentioned in the early 13th century), the first truly seaworthy Atlantic sailing ship. Professions in the maritime industry, such as those of ships-carpenters and sailors, were allowed certain privileges and protections, including the creation in 1242 of a maritime judicial office in Lisbon called the Alcaide do Mar (Alcaide of the Sea).An indirect effect of this economic dynamism was that Lisbon's trade contributed to the ruin of the south German merchants, who engaged in the same commerce by using a more costly land route between the ports of Italy and those of the Netherlands and the Hansa that was only viable when Muslim pirates and their ships controlled southern Spain and the Strait of Gibraltar. As the Holy Roman Empire lost influence over its kingdoms, duchies and city-state constituents, the German merchants, hitherto the masters of European trade, were forced to seek new markets in the East.
With the new prosperity and increased security of Lisbon after the final conquest of the al-Gharb or al-Garve (Arabic: al-Gharb, "the west"), in 1256 Afonso III took note of its obvious advantages and chose the largest and most powerful city in the kingdom for his capital, moving his court, the national archives and the treasury from Coimbra to Lisbon. Denis, the first Portuguese king to rule at Lisbon during all his reign, created the University in 1290, which was transferred to Coimbra in 1308 because of increasing conflicts between the students and Lisbon residents. At this time the area where the Praça do Comércio (Commerce Square) is today was reclaimed from the sea by draining the already muddy terrain (the river flowed freely until the time of the conquest, but had become clogged due to sediment deposits). New streets were laid out, such as Rua Nova, while the Rossio square became the city centre, stealing that distinction from the Castle hill. Other construction projects initiated by King Denis included a wall to protect the Cais da Ribeira from pirate raids, and reconstruction of the Alcáçova or Moorish Palace (later destroyed in the 1755 earthquake) and the Sé.
Just as there were Portuguese communities in the cities of northern Europe, there were colonies of merchants from the rest of Europe in Lisbon, then one of the most important cities in international trade. Not counting the Jewish population (already established as a Portuguese minority), the Genoese were the most numerous expatriate community, followed by those of the Venetians and other Italians, and the Dutch and English. These merchants brought new cartographic and navigational techniques to Portugal, as well as an understanding of financial and banking practices and of the mercantilism system, not to mention the knowledge gained through their contacts with Byzantine and Muslim middlemen of the origins of imported Asian luxury goods such as silks and spices.
Political tensions with Castile were counterbalanced by an alliance made in 1308 by King Denis between Portugal and England, the main trading partner of Lisbon (and also of Porto), which has continued uninterruptedly until the present. This alliance later fought on one of the two sides of the so-called Caroline War; the second phase of the Hundred Years' War, on the other were Castile and France. During Ferdinand's reign, Portugal started a war with Castile, and Lisbon boats armed with cannons were recruited to participate in an unsuccessful Genoese attack on Seville. In response to this provocation, the Spaniards laid siege to Lisbon, taking it in 1373, but departed when they were paid a ransom. It was following this calamity that the Great Fernandine Walls (Grandes Muralhas Fernandinas de Lisboa) of Lisbon were built.On the lower end of the social scale in Lisbon were all types of labourers and street merchants, as well as fishermen and farmers of vegetable gardens. In this era the streets were occupied by tradesmen who had organised artisans' guilds directed by masters of their respective trades. These included: Rua do Ouro (Goldsmiths' Street), Rua da Prata (Silversmiths' Street), Rua dos Fanqueiros (Drapers' Street), Rua dos Sapateiros (Cobblers' Street), Rua dos Retroseiros (Mercers' Street) and Rua dos Correeiros (Saddlers' Street). Such corporations were formed for social protection and to educate apprentices, and were employed to enforce a system of price controls for the benefit of their members. The aristocracy, attracted to Lisbon by the court, established its presence in the city with the building of large palaces, and served in the bureaucratic offices of governmental administration. But the most powerful segment of society in Lisbon, even after the city gained its status as the nation's capital, was the bourgeoisie, the merchant class that was the economic powerhouse of this rising commercial centre, now among the most important in Europe. They were the magnates of commerce who controlled the city and its oligarchic council. It was to serve their needs that business professionals organised in the city: bankers to raise capital and coordinate the financial risks; lawyers to protect the rights of citizens and handle their legal cases; naval architects and marine engineers to build boats, and scientists to design their navigational instruments. With their political influence, they could extract from the monarchy concessions that favored their mercantile interests, and were a great impetus for exploration to find new markets. A mutual benefit association, the Companhia das Naus, was founded in 1380 as a kind of insurance company which required the payment of compulsory quotas from all ship owners in exchange for the sharing of losses after shipwrecks. As an umbrella organisation covering more than five hundred large vessels owned by the magnates of the city, it was the forerunner of Portuguese overseas expansion. With rising profits, the wealthiest merchants acquired titles of nobility, even as the poorer nobles engaged in trade.
Minorities in the city included Sephardic Jews and Muslims (not only the Moors but also Arabs and Islamised Arabic-speaking Latinos). There was a large Jewish quarter occupying the parishes of St. Mary Magdalene, St. Julian and St. Nicholas along the Rua Nova dos Mercadores, where the Great Synagogue was located. The Jews (perhaps 10% of the population, or even more) were great traders, who took full advantage of connections to their coreligionists throughout Europe, North Africa and the Middle East. Those who did not engage in trade were largely scholars or professionals such as doctors, lawyers, cartographers and other specialists in the sciences or arts. The Jewish community's business activities were fundamental to the vitality of the city's economy. The Jews of Lisbon included such distinguished families as the Abravanels, descendants of Samuel Abravanel, a converso who had served as royal treasurer in Andalusia and comptroller in Castile. He apparently fled to Portugal with his family where they reverted to Judaism and later served in high governmental positions. No matter how eminent a social position individual Jews of Lisbon might attain, however, they were always the first victims of popular revolts. Their living quarters were segregated from those of the rest of the population and they were forbidden to go out at night; as well as being forced to wear distinctive clothes and to pay extra taxes.
The Moorish quarter was the corresponding ghetto for Muslims, containing the Great Mosque situated on the Rua do Capelão (Chaplains Street). However, they were not as prosperous nor as educated as the Jews, since the Muslim elites had fled to North Africa, while the Jews,  who were literate speakers of Portuguese, had no other homeland. Most Muslims were workers in low-skilled, low-wage jobs and many were slaves of Christians. They had to display identifying symbols on their robes and pay extra taxes, and suffered the violence of the crowds. The deprecatory term saloio (countryman) came from a special levy, the salaio,  that the Muslims who cultivated gardens within the city limits had to pay. Likewise, the term alfacinha (little head of lettuce) came from the cultivation by the Moors of lettuce plants, then little consumed in the north.
The city's prosperity was interrupted in 1290 by the first major earthquake in its recorded history, with many buildings collapsing and thousands of people dying. Earthquakes were recorded in 1318, 1321, 1334, and 1337; the temblor of 1344 leveled part of the Cathedral and the Moorish palace, or  Alcáçova, and later quakes occurred in 1346, 1356 (destroying another portion of the Cathedral), 1366, 1395 and 1404, all probably resulting from displacements in the same geological fault. Famine in 1333 and the first appearance of the Black Death in 1348 killed half the population; new outbreaks of lower mortality occurred in each succeeding decade. The aftermath of these disasters, in Lisbon as well as in the rest of Europe, led to a series of religious, social, and economic upheavals, destroying the vibrant European civilization of the Middle Ages and the spirit of universal Christianity symbolised by the soaring Gothic architecture of its cathedrals. Yet it also paved the way for the emergence of a new civilization with the coming of the age of discovery and the rise of a revitalised spirit of scientific inquiry.


=== Revolution: the 1383–1385 crisis and its aftermath ===

A new chapter in the history of Lisbon was written with the social revolution of the 1383–1385 Crisis. This was a time of civil war in Portugal when no crowned king reigned. It began when King Ferdinand I of Portugal died without male heirs, and his kingdom ostensibly passed to the King of Castile, John I of Castile. The powerful aristocrats and clerics in the north of Portugal owned large estates in the south acquired during the redistribution of land after the Reconquista; their cultural point of view was similar to that of the Castilians, with an emphasis on social distinctions based on the possession of land. They were invested in the spirit of Crusade against the Moors from the Maghreb and the potential benefits of the union of all Hispania. However, these were not the main concerns of the merchants of Lisbon (many of them small gentry). For them, union with Castile meant a severing of trade links with England and the countries of northern Europe, and also with the Middle East; as well as a diversion of attention from their privileges and the building of commercial ships to the privileges of the nobles (fidalgos) and the waging of war with land armies. This helps explain why the merchants and lesser nobles supported the cause of the Master of Avis.The war fought in 1383–1385 was at bottom a war between the conservative land-owning medieval aristocracy  (very similar to and allied with their Galician and Castilian counterparts) centred in the former County of Portugal in Minho (except the bourgeois city of Porto, a Lisbon ally, among a few other cities and personages of the north), and the rich merchants of the pluralistic society of Lisbon. The nobles had reclaimed the country from the Muslims and founded the northern counties—as their alliance with the Castilian nobility was reestablished, the increasing dominance of Lisbon threatened their supremacy. For the merchants of Lisbon, a commercial city, the feudal practices and land wars of the Castilians were a threat to their business interests. It was the bourgeoisie who, with their English connections and substantial capital, would win the struggle. The Master of Avis was acclaimed King John I of Portugal, his forces having survived the Siege of Lisbon in 1384 and won the Battle of Aljubarrota in 1385 against the forces of Castile and the northern Portuguese nobles, under the leadership of his constable Nuno Álvares Pereira/ The new Portuguese aristocracy rose from the merchant class of Lisbon, and it is only from this date that the centre of power in north Portugal actually moved to Lisbon, it becoming a sort of city-state, whose interests almost entirely determined the course of the country's independence.
The new bourgeois nobles built their palaces and stately homes in the Santos neighbourhood; other important buildings included the University, which had returned to Lisbon in the Alfama; the Carmo Church (Igreja do Carmo); the Alfândega (Customs Building); and some of the first residential buildings built in medieval Europe with several floors (up to five). The town had the narrow, winding streets characteristic of medina quarters, mostly unpaved, its houses alternating with gardens and orchards. As the city continued to grow, the widespread abandonment of highly productive Moorish irrigation techniques meant that it had to import wheat from Castile, France, the Rhineland and even Morocco. With this expansion into the countryside, the adjacent territory became suburbs like those of other European commercial cities. Lisbon, along with Antwerp, served the same function of an organised trade centre on the Atlantic coast as Venice, Genoa, Barcelona or Ragusa on the Mediterranean; or Hamburg, Lubeck and the other cities on the Baltic Sea. Wanting to improve public hygiene, the city council in 1417 prohibited garbage piles near the Carmo Monastery and other areas, and in 1426 another law was enacted prohibiting the dumping of trash in the streets, under penalty of paying a fine.
Portuguese foreign policy promoted the interests of Lisbon: trade and cooperation agreements were signed with the commercial city-states of Venice (accord of 1392), Genoa (1398), Pisa and Florence, whose merchants had already formed communities in the city, and many of whom were naturalised and married into the Portuguese nobility. Ceuta on the north African coast was captured by the Portuguese in 1415, giving Lisbon's merchants a base from which to attack Saracen pirates and better local control of the Mediterranean trade that passed through the Strait of Gibraltar, as well as the importation of Moroccan wheat at the best prices. Moreover, at this time Ceuta received caravans bearing gold and ivory, a trade Lisbon wanted to dominate, and it was feared that its Castilian rivals in Seville or the Aragonese of Barcelona might seize the outpost. A renewed alliance with England, one of its most important trade partners, was pursued.


== Lisbon, mistress of the seas ==

The prosperity of Lisbon was threatened when the Ottoman Empire invaded and conquered the Arab territories of North Africa, Egypt and the Middle East in the 15th century. The Turks were initially hostile to the interests of Lisbon and its allies in Venice and Genoa; consequently the trade in spices, gold, ivory and other goods suffered heavily. The merchants of Lisbon, many of them descendants of Jews or Muslims with links to North Africa, reacted by seeking to negotiate directly with the sources of these goods, without using Muslim mediators. The Portuguese Jews' connections with the Jews of the Maghreb, and the conquest of Ceuta, allowed the Lisbon merchants to spy on the Arab merchants. They learned that the gold, slaves and ivory brought to Morocco in the great caravans travelled through the Sahara desert  from the Sudan (which at that time included all the savannas south of the desert, the current Sahel). and that spices like black pepper were transported to Egyptian ports on the Red Sea from India. The new strategy of the merchants of Lisbon – Christian and Jewish Portuguese, Italian and Portuguese-Italian –  was to send ships to the sources of these valuable products.Prince Henry,  based in the city of Tomar, was the major proponent of this initiative,. As headquarters of the Order of Christ (formerly the Knights Templar), and with a large community of Jewish merchants, the city was also very connected to Lisbon by its trade in grains and nuts (one of Lisbon's main exports). The ready access to large amounts of capital and knowledge of the Orient that the Templars and the Jews had were key to achieving the objectives of the Lisbon merchants. Although Prince Henry was the driving force of this project, it was not actually of his own design, but rather had been conceived by the merchants of Lisbon. Those who supported the monarchy financially by the payment of taxes and customs tariffs, making it virtually independent of the resources of the territorial nobles, bent it to their own mercantilist purposes. Prince Henry was, however, the organiser of the state's policy of dirigisme (state-directed investment): the substantial risk involved and the capital needed to finance the opening of new trade routes required the cooperation of all merchants throughout the realm (just as today many large capital projects are undertaken with international cooperation). Henry organised and supervised preparations by the Portuguese merchant fleet to reach the sources of gold, ivory and slaves, efforts that the merchants themselves had managed inefficiently. Using funds made available by the Order of Christ, mariners' schools were founded to centralise the resources and practical knowledge of the merchants of Lisbon. Several expeditions were launched under contract to some of the most influential of the bourgeoisie in Lisbon, and the Gulf of Guinea was finally reached around 1460, the year Prince Henry died.
After Henry's death, by which time the sea route was already open, the expansion of the African trade led to the rise of a private sector in the Portuguese economy. In 1469, Afonso V granted the Lisbon merchant Fernão Gomes the monopoly of this trade, in exchange for exploring 100 leagues southward on the West African coastline each year for five years, and payment of an annual rent of 200,000 reais. With his profits from the African trade, Gomes assisted Afonso in the conquests of Asilah, Alcácer Ceguer, and Tangier in Morocco, where he was knighted
Meanwhile, there were new attempts by the remaining feudal nobles of northern Portugal to retake control of the kingdom, frustrated as they were by the growing prosperity of Lisbon's merchants in contrast to their own loss of income. Their purpose was to seek further conquest in North Africa, which offered the prospect of more and relatively easy victories. Such a campaign would be favorable to the interests of the feudal nobles, who stood to gain lands and tenants in Morocco by waging war, but was anathema to the merchant nobles and Jews in Lisbon who would be paying the extra taxes needed to finance such expeditions. The merchants favored investing the resources of the kingdom and its military forces in the discovery of new African and Asian markets, not in augmenting the power of the hostile and pro-Castilian Portuguese nobility. The ongoing disputes that John II engaged in against these nobles, with the backing of the merchants, demonstrate the underlying reality of the conflict between Lisbon and the former County of Portugal, birthplace of the nation: its resolution would set the future course of the country. Following the exposure of several conspiracies and various other incidents of their treachery,  the northern nobles again sought the aid of their Castilian counterparts, but Lisbon and its merchants eventually prevailed: the ringleaders of one plot were executed, including the Duke of Braganza in 1483 and the Duke of Viseu in 1484. A great confiscation of estates followed and enriched the Crown, which now became the sole political power of the realm, aside from the Catholic Church. John II famously restored the policies of active Atlantic exploration, reviving the work of his great-uncle, Henry the Navigator. The Portuguese explorations were his main priority in government, pushing ever further south on the west coast of Africa with the purpose of discovering the maritime route to India and breaking into the spice trade. The colonial ventures in north Africa were abandoned to pursue trade in the new lands discovered further south.

As the islands of Madeira and the Azores were colonised, the Crown encouraged production of commercial products for export to Lisbon, primarily cane sugar and wine, which soon appeared in the markets of the capital. In the recently discovered land of Guinea, cheap products like metal pots and cloth distributed from Lisbon-controlled depots were exchanged for gold, ivory and slaves. The natives of the region relocated their economic activities closer to the coast for this European trade, but their settlements were left unmolested because such campaigns of conquest were deemed too costly. Sham weddings between officials of the trading posts and the daughters of local chieftains were made to facilitate commerce, albeit with an aim for profit, not colonisation. The result was a new impetus to trade in Lisbon: wheat was shipped from Ceuta, as well as musk, indigo, other clothing dyes, and cotton from Morocco. Significant amounts of gold were obtained from Guinea and the Gold Coast; other sources of this precious metal were sorely lacking in Europe of the late 15th century. Berber slaves from the Canaries and later, black Africans, were trafficked in the often brutal slave trade.
The best markets and most valuable products were to be found, however, in India and the East. The war between the Ottoman Empire and Venice resulted in greatly increased prices for black pepper, other spices, and silks brought by the Venetians to Italy from the Ottoman-controlled Egypt, which received Arabian boats sailing from India at its ports on the Red Sea (and thence to Lisbon and the rest of Europe). To circumvent the "Turkish problem", a voyage of discovery to be captained by Vasco da Gama was organised, again on the initiative of the Lisbon merchants, but this time with royal funding; his boats arrived in India in 1498.Before the end of the 16th century, the Portuguese merchant fleets had reached China (where they founded the commercial colony of Macau), as well as the island archipelagos of present-day Indonesia and Japan. They established the ports of call of the Eastern trade route and made commercial agreements with the chiefs and kings in Angola and Mozambique. A large colonial empire was consolidated by Afonso de Albuquerque, his armed forces securing those ports on the Indian Ocean in locations convenient for ships outbound from Lisbon against competition from the Turks and Arabs. Local territories were generally not seized, excepting the ports that carried on a profitable trade with the natives. Meanwhile, on the other side of the world, Pedro Álvares Cabral had arrived at Brazil in 1500.

As the Portuguese merchant fleets established the ports of call of the Eastern trade route and made commercial agreements with their rulers, Lisbon gained access to the sources of products it exclusively sold to the rest of Europe for many years: in addition to African products including pepper, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, herbs, and cotton fabrics, as well as diamonds from Malabar in India transported on the Carreira da Índia ("India Run"), it sold Moluccan spices, Ming porcelain and silk from China, slaves from Mozambique, brazilwood and Brazilian sugar. Lisbon also traded in fish (mainly salted cod from the Grand Banks), dried fruit, and wine. Other Portuguese cities, like Porto and Lagos, contributed to foreign trade only marginally, the country's commerce being practically limited to the exports and imports of Lisbon. The city still controlled much of the commerce of Antwerp through its depot there, which exported fine fabrics to the rest of Europe. The German and Italian merchants, seeing their trade routes, by land in the case of the first, and by the Mediterranean sea in the second, mostly abandoned, founded large trading houses in Lisbon for re-exporting goods to Europe and the Middle East.As Lisbon became the prime market for luxury goods to satisfy the tastes of the elite classes all across Europe: Venice and Genoa were ruined. The Lisbons controlled for several decades all trade from Japan to Ceuta. In the 16th century Lisbon was one of the richest cities in the world, and the city gained a mythic stature. England and the Netherlands were obliged to imitate the Portuguese mercantile model to halt the loss of foreign exchange. Meanwhile, merchants migrated from all over Europe to establish their businesses in Lisbon, and even some Indian, Chinese, and Japanese traders found their way to the city. Large numbers of African and a few Brazilian Indian slaves were imported at this time as well. During the reign of King Manuel I, festivals were celebrated on the streets of Lisbon with parades of lions, elephants, camels and other animals not seen in Europe since the time of the Roman circus. In 1515, Afonso de Albuquerque presented an Indian rhinoceros to King Manuel, who had it let loose in a ring with an elephant to test the reputed mutual animosity of the two species. The rhinoceros was then forwarded as a gift to Pope Leo X. In Europe the prestige of Lisbon and its land discoveries had grown so great that when Thomas More wrote his book Utopia,  about the political system of an ideal and imaginary island nation, he tried to further its plausibility by saying that the Portuguese had discovered it.

To organise private trade and manage the collection of taxes, the great Portuguese trading houses of the capital were founded in the late 15th-century: the Casa da Mina ( House of Mina), the Casa dos Escravos (House of Slaves), the Casa da Guiné (House of Guinea), the Casa da Flandres (House of Flanders), and the famous Casa da Índia (House of India). Their huge revenues were used to finance construction of the Jerónimos Monastery and the Torre de Belém (Belém Tower), prominent examples of the Manueline architectural style (evocative of the overseas discoveries and trade), the Forte de São Lourenço do Bugio with its garrison and heavy artillery on an island in the Tagus, the Terreiro do Paço
(Palace Square), the new and imposing Paço da Ribeira or Ribeira Palace (destroyed in the earthquake of 1755), and the "Arsenal do Exercito" (Military Arsenal), all raised next to the Mar da Palha; and even the Hospital Real de Todos-os-Santos (Royal Hospital of All Saints). Numerous palaces and mansions were built by the merchants with their profits. As the city expanded and reached nearly 200,000 inhabitants, the Bairro Alto urbanisation (known initially as Vila Nova de Andrade) was developed by the wealthy Galicians Bartolomeu de Andrade and his wife, and quickly became the richest neighbourhood in town.

The 16th century in Lisbon was the cultural golden age for Portuguese science and arts and letters: among the scientists who called the city home were the humanist Damião de Góis (friend of Erasmus and Martin Luther), the mathematician Pedro Nunes, the physician and botanist Garcia da Orta and Duarte Pacheco Pereira; and the writers Luís de Camões, Bernardim Ribeiro, Gil Vicente and others. Isaac Abravanel, one of the greatest Hebrew philosophers, was appointed the King's Treasurer. All social classes benefited from the city's prosperity, although the urban nobility serving in royal administration and the bourgeoisie benefited the most, but even the common people enjoyed luxuries unattainable to their English, French or German contemporaries. Heavy manual labour was done by African slaves and by Galicians. The first African slaves were sold in Praça do Pelourinho (Pelourinho Square); they were separated from their families, worked all day without pay, and were subject to brutal treatment. The Galicians, although uprooted from their homes, certainly found their lot improved, considering their miserable condition in rural Spain, and their language being very similar to Portuguese facilitated their integration into Portuguese society.
The Jewish population, as always, included some of the poor, as well as scholars, merchants, and financiers who were among the most educated and wealthy citizens in the city. A commentary on the Pentateuch, written in Hebrew by Moses ben Nahman, and published by Eliezer Toledano in 1489, was the first book printed in Lisbon. In 1496, the Spaniards expelled the Jews from Spanish territory, motivated by a fundamentalist spirit that demanded an exclusively Christian kingdom. Many of the Jews fled to Lisbon, and may have temporarily doubled its population. Although acknowledging the central importance of the Jews to the city's prosperity, Manuel I decreed in 1497 that all Jews must convert to Christianity, only those who refused being forced to leave, but not before the expropriation of their property. His desire to wed Princess Isabel of Castile, daughter of the Catholic Monarchs, who required that he first expel all the Jews of Portugal, is generally given as his reason for the forced conversions. For many years these New Christians had practiced Judaism in secret or openly despite the riots and the violence perpetrated against them (many Jewish children were torn from their parents and given to Christian families who treated them as slaves). For now, they were tolerated till the start of the Inquisition in Portugal decades later. Without the disadvantage of being considered Jewish, they were able to rise in the social hierarchy, even to the higher ranks of the court. Again the elite descendants of the ancient families of the old aristocracy of Asturias and Galicia created barriers to the social ascent of Jews, who were often better-educated and more proficient than their antagonists. The anti-semitic movement among the Old Christians infected the common people, and in 1506, spurred by the perceived blasphemy of some injudicious remarks uttered by a converso over the occurrence of a supposed miraculous event at the Church of São Domingos, and then further inflamed by the invective of three Dominican friars, culminated in a massacre of New Christians, in which between 3,000 and 4,000 people were killed. The king was at Evora when these events occurred, but angered when he received the news, he ordered an investigation which resulted in two of the instigating friars being excommunicated and burned alive, and the Dominicans were expelled from their convent.

As a result of the dissension aroused by this catastrophe, King Manuel was persuaded by the territorial nobles to introduce the Inquisition (which did not become formally active until 1536) during the reign of his son and successor, King John III, and legal restrictions were imposed on all descendants of New Christians (similar to those the Old Christians had imposed on the Jews), to prevent them from threatening senior government posts held by the Old Christian aristocracy. The first auto-da-fé was held at the Palace Square in 1540. Besides the Inquisition, other social problems arose; in 1569 the great Plague of Lisbon killed 50,000 people.The inquisition put to death many of the New Christians, and expropriated the property and wealth of many others. The riches of even some Old Christian merchants were expropriated after false anonymous complaints were made that the inquisitors accepted as valid, since the property of the condemned reverted to themselves. On the other hand, few merchants would not have had some New Christian ancestry, as marriages between the children of Christian and Jewish partners in the major firms were commonplace. The Inquisition thus became an instrument of social control in the hands of the Old Christians against almost all the Lisbon merchants, and finally restored their long lost supremacy.
In this climate of intolerance and persecution, the expansion of the economy enabled by the genius of the traders was undone by the large landowners (whose collectible rents were much less than the receipts of the merchants), and the prosperity of Lisbon was destroyed. The former climate of liberalism conducive to trade disappeared and was replaced by Catholic fanaticism and a rigid conservatism. The noble elites persecuted those who were alleged to be not of "pure blood" and truly Old Christian. Many of the merchants fled to England or the Netherlands, bringing their naval and cartographic knowledge with them as they settled in those places. Lisbon was taken by the feudal mentality of the great nobles, and the Portuguese merchants, with no security or social support and unable to obtain credit during the persecutions of the Inquisition, could not compete with the English and Dutch merchants (many of them of Portuguese origin) who subsequently took over the markets of India, the East Indies and China.

The young king Sebastian I was burning with zeal to go to Morocco and stop the advances of the Turkish-supported armies, an enterprise which held the promise of more land and revenues in North Africa for the nobles (they perhaps believing this would allow them to maintain their economic supremacy over the merchants), but the mercantile bourgeoisie also supported the effort as it would benefit Portuguese commerce in North Africa. Sebastian used much of Portugal's imperial wealth to equip a large fleet and gather an army. He and the flower of the Portuguese nobility were killed in the military disaster of the Battle of Alcácer Quibir in 1578, his death triggering a succession crisis, where the main claimants to the throne were Philip II of Spain and António, Prior of Crato. The remaining Portuguese nobles and the high clergy were gathered once again to the arms of their like-minded counterparts, the Castilians, and supported Philip, a maternal grandson of Manuel I of Portugal. Philip sent an army of 40,000 men under the command of the Duke of Alba to invade Portugal. They defeated António's troops at the Battle of Alcântara and Philip was crowned Philip I of Portugal in 1581. Thus he at least partly fulfilled the ambition of his father, the Habsburg King Carlos I of Spain (also Charles V of the Holy Roman Empire), who was famously quoted by Friar Nicolau de Oliveira: "Se eu fora Rei de Lisboa eu o fora em pouco tempo de todo o mundo"  ("If I were King of Lisbon, I would soon rule over all the world.") The union of Portugal with Spain lasted sixty years (1580–1640).


== Philippine dynasty ==
The Philippine Dynasty was the third royal house of Portugal. It was named after the three Spanish kings who ruled Portugal from 1581 to 1640 in a dynastic union of the Castilian and Portuguese crowns. The three kings, all named Philip, belonged to the House of Habsburg. The 16th century was the golden age of Lisbon, a time when the city became the European hub of commerce with Africa, India, the Far East and, later, Brazil, accumulating great riches through the importation of spices, slaves, sugar, textiles and other goods. Nevertheless, the sixty years of Habsburg rule in Portugal beginning in 1580 coincided with a period of economic distress, social upheaval, and warfare in Europe that spread around the world through the colonial empires.When King Sebastian of Portugal died at Alcácer Quibir in 1578 without heirs, he was succeeded by his great-uncle Henry of Portugal, who reigned until his own death on 31 January 1580.
Henry also lacked heirs, and his death triggered the succession crisis of 1580, in which the main claimants to the throne were Philip II of Spain and Anthony, Prior of Crato. Philip was crowned king of Portugal as Philip I in 1581, beginning the union between the two nations known as the Iberian Union. After a three-year-long war with Anthony and his foreign allies, the resistance crumbled and the union was consolidated.

In 1580, Philip started a series of construction works and renovations throughout Portugal, seeking to rehabilitate the kingdom after the War of the Portuguese Succession. During his three-year stay in Lisbon, from 1580 to 1583, Philip considered making the city the imperial capital of his trans-European monarchy and empire. To better suit the city for his extravagant court, he ordered the remodeling and expansion of Ribeira Palace, under the supervision of Filippo Terzi of Bologna, the Master of the Royal Works. The king decided to modernise the palace, stripping it of its early renaissance Manueline style and converting it into a monumental Mannerist complex. The highlight of the Philippine renovations was the reconstruction and enlargement of the Torre do Rei (Tower of the King), which transformed the three-story Manueline tower that housed the Casa da Índia into a five-story Mannerist tower, complete with an observatory and one of the largest royal libraries in all of Europe.
Philip also ordered the reconstruction of the Monastery of São Vicente de Fora (Mosteiro de São Vicente de Fora), a prime example of ecclesiastical structures built to reinforce a religious piety that instilled a sense of loyalty to the Catholic monarchy. The plan for the building, produced by Juan de Herrera in Madrid, was adapted in Lisbon by Filippo Terzi. Other works were begun to defend against pirate raids from the north, with new city walls and fortifications built according to military engineering principles of the time: these included the Torre do Bugio on an island in the middle of the Mar del Plata; and others in Cascais, Setúbal and on the south bank of the Tagus. Dutch and English pirates, among them Francis Drake, made several attacks on some Portuguese squares, but did not dare to attack Lisbon.Philip attempted to reconcile the interests of the Portuguese nobility in acquiring more territory in Europe with those of the clergy in halting the spread of Protestantism, as well as those of the bourgeoisie in eliminating mercantile competition and privateering by the English and Dutch.  All the boats capable of military action in Lisbon, Seville and Barcelona were gathered in an armada sent against England in 1588 with the express purpose of escorting an army from Flanders to invade the island nation across the Channel. The strategic aim was to overthrow Queen Elizabeth I and the Tudor establishment of Protestantism in England. Philip sent the large mercenary infantry regiments (terços) of the Army of Flanders,  commanded by the Duke of Parma, to the coast of Flanders in preparations for the invasion. A combination of severe storms in the North Atlantic, the faster and more maneouverable ships of the English navy,  and the superior seamanship of the English admirals resulted in the destruction of the Spanish fleet and put an end to these plans.From the Portuguese succession crisis in 1580 to the beginning of the reign of the monarchs of the House of Braganza in 1640 was an era of transition in Lisbon. The Portuguese Empire's spice trade was near its height at the start of this period, having expanded to global influence after Vasco da Gama had finally reached the East by sailing around Africa to India in 1497–1498. Da Gama's achievement completed the exploratory efforts inaugurated by Henry the Navigator, and opened an oceanic route for the profitable spice trade into Europe that bypassed the Middle East, greatly enriching the city's merchants as well as the royal treasury.
Throughout the 17th century, the increasing predations and surrounding of Portuguese trading posts in the East by the Dutch, English and French, and their rapidly growing intrusion into the Atlantic slave trade, undermined Portugal's near monopoly on the lucrative oceanic spice and slave trades. This sent the Portuguese spice trade into a long decline. The diversion of wealth from Portugal by the Habsburg monarchy to help support the Catholic side of the Thirty Years' War also strained the union, although Portugal did benefit from Spanish military power in retaining Brazil and in disrupting Dutch trade. Over time, Portugal became economically dependent on its colonies, first India and then Brazil.
As the Dutch and English made encroachments on the overseas trade, they were unable to seize the Spanish territorial empires of Mexico and Peru, so they concentrated on taking the Portuguese trading posts, ports and coastal colonies that provided the goods trafficked in Lisbon. The northeastern ports of Brazil, the Cape of Good Hope, other ports in East Africa, Ceylon, Malacca and the Moluccas Islands were taken, as well as the island of Formosa (Taiwan) and the trade concession in Japan.Lisbon, with its merchants persecuted by the Inquisition (which expropriated the property of Crypto-Jews and even that of genuine Christians), and having already lost much of its fleet in the disaster of the Spanish Armada, as well as paying high taxes to support the armies of the Spanish nobles in Europe, began gradually to lose its overseas ports and its access to foreign products. Although the Portuguese royal monopoly suffered from competition by the Dutch joint-share trading companies, the private enterprises of the Portuguese merchants faced only limited competition from their European rivals until 1600. In the 17th century their share of the Asian trade declined and profits shrank, but they lost no markets in Asia to the Dutch and English trading companies through the 1630s. However, from the 1640s and 1650s onward the northern European merchants dominated the Atlantic economy and overseas trade.With the rise of bureaucratic government ("government by paper") in the administration of the empire during the Philippine age, the Spanish inevitably found deficiencies in Portuguese administration both in Portugal and its overseas colonies, to the point that a new code of Portuguese law, the Ordenações Filipinas (Philippine Decrees), was promulgated in 1603. The city's mercantile operations and Its potential as a centre of maritime trade were described by the Portuguese cartographer, Pedro Teixeira Albernaz, who conducted a survey in 1622 of all the coasts of the Iberian peninsula at the order of Philip III. The results were published at Madrid in 1634.Portugal was brought low during the final years of the reign of Philip III, as the Spanish officials often flagrantly violated the conditions granted by Philip I, which were the original contract and unalterable constitution of Portugal while it was subject to the monarchs of Castile. Lisbon, the once great cosmopolitan city, was reduced to the rank of a provincial city with no influence among the higher Spanish nobility who governed from Madrid, their conservative and fundamentalist Catholic capital. Lisbon lost much of its population and its importance to the world economy as its mercantile activity shrank. With economic decline, unemployment and crime increased greatly, adding to the misery of the common people. The Spanish authorities were obliged to introduce a kind of auxiliary police force, the Quadrilheiros, whose members patrolled the streets to control street crime, fights, sorcery and gaming.Half a century of continual war and more than a century of depredations by privateers and pirates weighed heavily on the administration and defence of the Portuguese empire, spread as it was across Asia, Africa and America, and exhausted the Portuguese treasury. In 1640, Count-Duke de Olivares, royal favourite of Philip IV and prime minister of Spain, imprudently chose to levy a special tax upon Portugal in violation of its constitution, at the very time when the Catalans, a merchant people like those of Lisbon, and also oppressed by Castilian taxes, were on the verge of armed rebellion. Then the prime minister of Portugal, Miguel de Vasconcelos, on the advice of the Spanish nobility, and with the complicity of the Portuguese feudal nobles, announced the Spanish minister's intention of abolishing the Portuguese Cortes, and of making the country a mere province of Castile with its own representatives in the Castilian Cortes. This provocation was the last straw for those Portuguese who desired the restoration of Portugal's independence.


== Portuguese Restoration War ==
During the so-called 'Philippine dominion', royal power in Portugal was administered mostly by viceroys and governors; this period ended in 1640 when the Portuguese Restoration War was initiated against Spain, and Portugal regained its independence (the Restauração) under the Braganza (Bragança) dynasty.The merchants of Lisbon allied themselves with the lower and the middle Portuguese nobility and entreated the Duke of Braganza to accept the throne. According to some historians he was really as indifferent as he seemed and it was the ambition of his wife and of his allies that made him king. Some of them assert as well that the duke was hesitant because he, like the rest of the high nobility, benefited by Madrid's rule, but that the prospect of becoming king finally persuaded him. In any event, on 1 December 1640, the conspirators assailed the royal palace and the citadel of Lisbon, and meeting little resistance, acclaimed the duke as the new King of Portugal, John IV (João IV).


== Brazilian gold ==
Post-Restoration Lisbon was increasingly dominated by Catholic religious orders. Traditionally, the second and third sons in a family, who received no inheritance from the father under the law of primogeniture, had gone into trade or other business overseas, but under current depressed economic conditions they took refuge in religious orders where they obtained church sinecures or lived off alms. This led to such a proliferation of priests, nuns and friars that they became a significant proportion of the population.The financial plight of the country was finally relieved, not by the successful prosecution of state-issued directives, but by the colonial government's exploitation of the deposits of gold discovered 1693–1695 in what is now the state of Minas Gerais (General Mines) in Brazil. The Portuguese state charged a tax of one-fifth of the gold extracted from the mines, known as the royal fifth (quinto del rey), which began arriving in Lisbon in 1699; revenues rose quickly, peaking at more than 3 tonnes annually in the early 1750s, representing almost the entire budget of the state. With the large income generated by this surge in gold production, opulent buildings were commissioned by the clergy and the aristocracy of Lisbon. These were built in the new Baroque architectural style of the Counter-Reformation; among them were several palaces and the Church of Santa Engrácia (Igreja de Santa Engrácia), which in the 20th century was converted into the National Pantheon (Panteão Nacional).
In contrast to the luxurious lifestyle of the elite classes, the common people generally lived under wretched conditions, even though demand for manual labour to construct new buildings increased as the population grew. The first descriptions of Lisbon as a dirty and degraded city were written in this period, just two centuries after its having been among the most prosperous and cosmopolitan in Europe.The late 17th-century discoveries of gold and diamond deposits in Brazil were the most important such finds ever made in the colonial New World. Between 1700 and 1800 a thousand metric tonnes of gold were recorded as received by the Portuguese treasury, and another thousand tonnes may have evaded the royal fifth. Around 2.4 million carats of diamonds were extracted from the alluvial sources in Minas Gerais, while an unknown amount was smuggled out. These riches had a great economic impact there and in the mother country, encouraging large numbers of Portuguese to emigrate to the colony and giving it a more European character. Many of the settlers found their way to the gold-bearing region in the Atlantic Forest {Mata Atlântica}, where they could become prosperous enough to buy African slaves.Increasing demand from Brazil benefited the merchants of Lisbon, who supplied the colonials with cloth and metal wares,  as well as luxury items including spices, porcelain, silks, and velvets from Europe and Asia. Competition with British-financed merchants, who had direct access to sources for the precious metals mined in Brazil, caused the Lisbon merchants to enter the more open market of Luanda where they purchased captive Africans. They sold these slaves in exchange for gold at Rio de Janeiro, the port city that grew on the Atlantic coast to satisfy the demand for import goods created by the mining activities of Minas Gerais. To secure a larger portion of the lucrative Brazilian gold market, the Rio merchants worked out a strategy of obtaining slaves from traders in Angola.


== Earthquake of 1755 and Pombaline era ==

A new era began in Lisbon on 1 November 1755, All Saints Day, when a devastating earthquake, one of the most powerful in recorded history, destroyed two thirds of the city. The first shock struck at 9:40 a.m., followed by another tremor at 10:00 a.m., and a third at noon. Many persons rushed to those squares beside the River Tagus with enough space to escape the collapsing structures of the city, but were drowned by a 7-metre high tsunami that flooded the river's mouth about half an hour later. After the earthquake, the tsunami, and subsequent fires, Lisbon lay in ruins. The large Royal Turret, the Casa das Índias, the Carmo Convent (Convento da Ordem do Carmo), the Court of the Inquisition, and the Hospital de Todos-os-Santos were destroyed. Thousands of buildings collapsed, including many churches, monasteries, nunneries, and palaces. Of the 20,000 less solidly built houses of the lower classes, 17,000 were destroyed. Many buildings occupied by the rich in the Bairro Alto neighbourhood survived, as well as some buildings made of solid stone in a few other areas. Major fires raged in the city for six days and there was rampant looting. Of the city's 180,000 inhabitants, between 30,000 and 60,000 died, while many others lost their entire property. The Marquis of Pombal, who was inspired by the new political, economic, and scientific theories of the Enlightenment and had such influence over the king that he was de facto ruler of Portugal, seized the opportunity presented by the catastrophe to implement in Portugal some of the liberal reforms that had been tried successfully in other western European countries.In 1756, the French philosopher and voice of the enlightenment, Voltaire, published a poem entitled Poème sur le désastre de Lisbonne ("Poem on the Lisbon Disaster") which expressed the shock and disillusionment of European intellectuals after the Lisbon earthquake, as well as his own rejection of the philosophical optimism popularised by the English poet, Alexander Pope, in his poem, An Essay on Man. Voltaire subsequently used the catastrophic event in his novella Candide, published in 1759, to satirise Leibnizian optimism, religion, and war.Military engineers and surveyors under the supervision of chief engineer General Manuel da Maia (1672–1768), Colonel Carlos Mardel (1695–1763), and Captain Eugénio dos Santos (1711–1760) were ordered by the Marquis of Pombal to draw up plans for the rebuilding of the city, to inventory property claims, and to ensure that debris was removed safely and the bodies of the dead were disposed of in a sanitary manner. The Águas Livres Aqueduct (Aquaducto das Águas Livres), built by order of John V and put into service in 1748, was so well constructed that it was unharmed by the earthquake of 1755; it had 127 masonry arches, the highest of which is in the stretch crossing the Alcântara valley, and is 65 metres (213 ft) high.As part of the reconstruction of downtown Lisbon, a new naval arsenal was erected by order of Pombal at the same site on the banks of the Tagus, west of the royal palace, where many of the ships of the Portuguese age of exploration were built, among them the naus and galleons that had opened the trade route to India. It was a vast building containing naval magazines and offices of different departments of the naval service. Renamed the Arsenal Real da Marinha (Royal Navy Shipyard), the official maritime works of the Ribeira das Naus continued operating there as in the expansive days of Manuel I, who had ordered the construction of new shipyards (tercenas) on the site of the medieval shipyards.

The 1st Marquis of Pombal, who had been born into the lower-ranking nobility, became effectively prime minister to Joseph I, after brief careers in the Portuguese army and the diplomatic service He famously responded to the king's query regarding what he should do about the devastation caused by the earthquake: "Bury the dead. Feed the living. Rebuild the city." This was a succinct expression of Pombal's approach to the recovery of the city's economy and social structure.
The marquis, after he had ordered a review of the actual situation through an unprecedented population survey, refused the counsel of some of his advisers who wished to move the capital to another city, and initiated reconstruction in Lisbon according to new theories of urban planning. The royal income from Brazil paid for almost the entire reconstruction project, its cost amounting to over 20 million silver cruzados. The city also received emergency aid from England, Spain and the Hansa, and subsequently filled with construction sites. Most of the Portuguese aristocracy took refuge on their country estates around Lisbon, while King Joseph and his court took up residence in a huge complex of tents and barracks built in Ajuda, on the outskirts of the city. This became the centre of Portuguese political and social life for a couple of years after the great earthquake, while repairs were made on the royal palace in Belém, then still an area outside the city.

.
Most of the reconstruction was carried out, however, in the old city centre with a new layout approved by the marquis and designed by Eugenio dos Santos and Carlos Mardel, for the Baixa, the neighbourhood hardest hit by the earthquake. Their plan fit the pragmatic spirit of the age of Enlightenment, with the narrow old streets being replaced by wide straight avenues arranged orthogonally. These not only allowed proper ventilation and lighting of the streets, but also allowed for better security, including police patrols and access to buildings in case of fire, as well as measures to prevent the spread of fire to neighbouring structures. The buildings had to conform to regulations based on a consistent policy, with the architectural team defining which façade designs were allowed, and the rules of construction for all buildings. They aimed to reorganise the social structure of the city, with a new emphasis on mercantile business, and developed a set of rules for the construction of housing better able to survive a powerful earthquake.
The critical architectural innovation designed for this purpose consisted of a wooden skeleton called the gaiola pombalina (Pombal Cage), a flexible rectangular frame with diagonal braces enabling structures to withstand the overload and stress of an earthquake without coming apart. This wooden frame was erected atop walls with barrel vault arches on a masonry foundation, giving solidity and weight to the first floor of the buildings, intended for occupation by shops, offices and warehouses. All new structures in the downtown area were erected on pine log pilings driven into the sandy soil of the Baixa, to ensure the effective support of their weight. They were arranged according to their importance in a horizontal hierarchy based on proximity to the street (the uppermost storey would be reserved for poorer families with few possessions, usually having lower ceilings, communal balconies, smaller windows and smaller rooms). All the buildings had masonry firewalls separating them from each other. The standardization of façades, windows, doors, simple geometric patterns in the hallway tiles, etc. permitted accelerated progress of the works through the mass production of these elements on site.
The entire area was laid out along neo-Classical lines with classical proportions according to architectural rules of composition using the golden ratio. The structural core of the new city was the Rua Augusta, connecting the northern limit of the city, the Rossio, and the southern boundary, the Praça do Comércio, commonly referred to as the "Terreiro do Paço" (Palace Square), opening onto Rua Augusta through the triumphal Arco da Vitória (erected to commemorate the city's reconstruction but not finished until 1873). This plan is integral to the design of what was intended to be the new heart of commercial activity in the reconstructed city. The buildings surrounding the Palace Square were built to contain warehouses and the large commercial buildings expected to stimulate mercantile activity in the plaza, but after several years of abandonment were eventually occupied by government ministries, courts, the Navy Yard, the Customs building, and the stock exchange during the reign of Queen Maria I.
A new market was designed, although it was ultimately never built, at the north end, parallel to Rossio, at the square originally called Praça Nova (New Square), and today known as the Praça da Figueira. Despite their fervent desire to complete the project, rebuilding Lisbon took much longer than Pombal and his staff expected, its reconstruction not being completed until 1806. This was due largely to the lack of capital among the bourgeoisie of a city in crisis. With ruthless efficiency Pombal limited the power of the Church, expelled the Jesuits from Portuguese territories and brutally suppressed the power of the conservative territorial aristocracy. This led to a series of conspiracies and counter-conspiracies, culminating with the torture and public execution in 1759 of members of the Távora family and its closest relatives, who were implicated in a plot to assassinate the king, dispatch Pombal and put the conservative Duke of Aveiro on the throne. Some historians argue that this charge is unsupportable, that it was a hoax perpetrated by Pombal himself to limit the growing powers of the old aristocratic families.By the 1770s Pombal had effectively neutralised the Inquisition, consequently the new Christians, still the majority of the educated and liberal middle class of the city and the country, were freed from their legal restrictions and finally allowed access to the high government positions previously the exclusive monopoly of the 'pureblood' aristocracy. Industry was supported in a somewhat dirigiste, but vigorous, manner, several royal factories being established in Lisbon and other cities that thrived. After the Pombaline period there were twenty new plants for every one that had previously existed. The various state-imposed taxes and duties, which had proven burdensome to trade, were abolished in 1755. Throughout the implementation of these initiatives by the Junta do Comércio, Pombal relied on donations and loans made by the merchants and industrialists of Lisbon.

Signs of a recovering economy emerged slowly under the Portuguese economic renewal policy. The city grew gradually to 250,000 inhabitants who settled in all geographical directions, occupying the new neighbourhoods of Estrella and Rato, while its new industrial centre concentrated around the recent water supply brought by the aqueduct to the water tower of Alcântara. Many factories arose in the area, including the royal ceramic factory and the silk factory of Amoreiras, where mulberry trees were grown to provide leaves to feed the larvae of the silkworms used by the local silk factories. The Prime Minister tried continually to stimulate the rise of middle class, which he saw as essential to the country's development and progress. The first cafes owned by Italians were founded in the city around this time: some survive today such as Martinho da Arcada (1782) in the Palace Square and the Nicola in Rossio Square, whose Liberal owner, among others, illuminated the façade after each Progressive political victory. The richest burghers acquired the habit of holding social soirées, with the unprecedented participation of women, while among the conservative nobility women held their traditional place and did not participate. In this manner a self-conscious bourgeois middle class rose again from the people of Lisbon, composed of both New Christians and Old Christians; these were the source of the national Liberal and Republican political movements, their presence manifested by the publication of several new newspapers in the capital.
Pombal was forced to resign after the death of King Joseph and the ascension to the throne of his daughter, the very religious Maria I, whose great contribution to the nation's cultural patrimony was the building of the Basílica da Estrela. Under the advisement of the clergy and the conservative nobles, she dismissed the prime minister and sought to limit and even reversed some of his progressive reforms, a movement called the Viradeira. Economic conditions had greatly improved in the Pombaline era, but began to deteriorate under the new regime while budgetary problems mounted. To deal with rising poverty and crime, a police force was created in 1780 under the leadership of Diogo Pina Manique. Secular political persecution resumed at this time. The police hounded, arrested, tortured and expelled progressive partisans: Freemasons, Jacobins and liberals; as well as their newspapers, were censored. Many literary works by liberal Protestants or philosophers were banned and the cafes where they congregated were watched by plainclothes policemen. Cultural expression was controlled and any manifestations less than rigidly Catholic were outlawed, including the ancient Carnival. Conversely, Portuguese theatre was stimulated by the construction in 1793 of the Teatro de São Carlos in Chiado, which replaced the opera house destroyed during the earthquake. It was, however, funded by the private sector.


== Civil war: liberals and conservatives ==

In the last quarter of the 18th century, the American Revolution, begun in 1776, galvanised liberal ideas of government throughout Europe. When the French Revolution erupted in France in 1789, the liberal partisans of Lisbon rejoiced in the downfall of the French aristocracy. The revolutionary movement in Paris was quickly radicalised, however, when its leadership fell into the hands of the extreme left. The bourgeoisie felt threatened and called to power the politically centrist Napoleon Bonaparte, who eventually declared himself Emperor of France. The foreign policy he deployed in his struggle against Great Britain during the Napoleonic Wars is referred to as the Continental System or Continental Blockade (known in French as Blocus continental). After the French declaration of war against the United Kingdom in 1793, Portugal signed a treaty of mutual aid with Britain. As a response to the naval blockade of the French coasts enacted by the British government in 1806, Napoleon issued the Berlin Decree, which effected a large-scale embargo against British trade, which Portugal defied.  After the Treaty of Tilsit was signed in July 1807, Napoleon attempted to capture the Portuguese fleet as well as members of the royal House of Braganza, and to occupy the Portuguese ports, but failed. The Portuguese population rose in revolt against the French invaders, causing Napoleon to send General Junot at the head of a large army to conquer the country. The prince regent of Portugal, later King John VI, who had formally governed the country on behalf of Maria I since 1799, took his fleet and transferred the Portuguese Court to Brazil with a British Royal Navy escort just before Napoleonic forces invaded Lisbon on 30 November 1807. Since Portugal was an ally of Great Britain, the British Army under Arthur Wellesley, future Duke of Wellington intervened, and the Peninsular War began.
When Junot entered Lisbon on 30 November 1807, the Portuguese royal family, aristocracy and high clergy had already set sail for Brazil the previous day. The French Army was initially well received by Lisboners, General Junot taking up residence in the Queluz National Palace (Palácio Nacional de Queluz). and redecorating it. The bourgeoisie of Lisbon discussed the new liberal ideas in conversations with French officers in the cafes of the city, particularly the Nicola in Rossio square, where the French established their headquarters. The people expected a continuation of the political reforms enacted by the Marquis of Pombal, but Junot did not want to risk stimulating radical ideas and did nothing along those lines. Napoleon proposed that Lisbon should be incorporated directly into the French Empire, while the old Portucale of northern Portugal would be resurrected as the 'Kingdom of Northern Lusitania' in the province of Entre Douro e Minho. Meanwhile, 50,000 Spanish and French troops roamed the countryside arresting, killing, plundering and raping the citizenry.The lack of any movement by General Junot to enact reforms and the violent behavior of the French soldiers finally compelled the Junta Provisional do Supremo Governo do Reino (Provisional Board of the Supreme Government of the Kingdom) to seek the aid of England, which sent an expeditionary force led by Wellesley and William Beresford. The French were outnumbered, and Junot was forced to retreat in late 1808 following a withdrawal agreement with the British, who simultaneously entered the town and set up their headquarters in Arroios. The British received control of Lisbon's and Portugal's governments from Prince Regent John, who now resided in Rio de Janeiro, and administered them as virtual colonies of Great Britain. Lisbon suffered economically with the opening of the ports of Brazil to England. Following the French withdrawal, the Portuguese populace was free to avenge itself on their francophile compatriots for the brutality and depredations of the French.Meanwhile, to control access to the capital, Wellington's chief engineer, Richard Fletcher, built the defensive lines known as the Lines of Torres Vedras across the peninsula on which Lisbon sits, using Portuguese workmen. Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on one side and the Tagus on the other, the city was reachable only by a narrow stretch of land blocked by a range of hills stretching from Sintra to Torre Vedras, which since Roman times had marked the bounds of Lisbon's territory. Conceived by Fletcher and a Portuguese major, Neves Costa, the Lines proved impregnable to the French invasion force (Armée de Portugal) commanded by Marshal André Masséna, who withdrew in defeat in March 1811, after which the British and some Portuguese troops under General Wellington left Portugal to launch another offensive against the French army in Spain. This offensive culminated with a victory at Vittoria, effectively ending French control of Spain. Napoleon was finally defeated 18 June 1815 at Waterloo by a coalition of Britain, Prussia, Austria and Russia.Beresford was made a Lieutenant-General in the British army and given command of the Portuguese army in 1809, with the rank of Marshal to bolster his authority over the Portuguese generals. He remained in the country long after the French withdrew in 1811, and, although he took his orders from King John, acted as a virtual dictator, becoming increasingly despotic after 1815, when Brazil was declared a kingdom.A conspiracy against John and the Regency Council, organised by General Gomes Freire de Andrade, leader of the Portuguese partisans of France (Partido Francês), was discovered at Lisbon in May 1817; on the orders of Marshal Beresford, the principals were promptly arrested and tried. The object of the conspirators was to overthrow the British, to put Beresford to death, and to set up a revolutionary government. Gomes Freire, formerly commander of the Portuguese Legion in Napoleon's army, was sentenced to death with eleven of his accomplices, and on 18 October 1817 they were executed. He and seven others were hanged, their bodies burnt, and their ashes thrown into the Tagus.The bourgeoisie of Lisbon chafed under the British occupation; in 1820 the Liberals of Porto rebelled and took control of the city, followed by a coup d'état in Lisbon and the expulsion of the British governors. The Cortes were then convoked by the Liberals, one of them enacting the Constitution of 1822 (actually written in 1820)," a charter of human rights that ended the privileges of the clergy and the nobility.

The years of political struggle between the conservative authoritarian absolutists and the progressive constitutionalist Liberals over the issue of royal succession, lasting from 1828 to 1834, was a complex period in Lisbon's history. In 1828, Prince Michael, whom the absolutists wanted to rule Portugal as an absolute monarch, returned from exile in Vienna. Conservative politicians, clergymen and aristocratic supporters of Queen Carlota manipulated political developments and proclaimed him king, starting a civil war against the forces of the Liberal constitutionalists who supported his brother, Emperor Peter I of Brazil. Peter's forces won the war in 1834 and he became Pedro IV of Portugal, but the new Constitution as promulgated was more conservative than expected by the people. However, it did present some liberal reforms, such as restoration of freedom of the press, mandatory education, abolishment of the slave trade in the African colonies, extinction of the religious orders and confiscation of their convents, as well as the expropriation of many other properties of the Catholic Church, which had supported the Miguelists. The Liberals of Lisbon soon became disillusioned with Pedro and formed new political conspiracies. On 9 September 1836, the politicised population, many of them petty bourgeois and literary intellectuals, joined with the National Guard to drive the Cartistas (Chartists) from power and forced Queen Maria II to reinstate the 1822 Constitution. Members of the government installed following this revolution were called Setembristas, after their short-lived movement, the Setembrismo, which was launched in September. The absolutists attempted a coup in 1836, and again in 1837. The country was divided into two opposing radical groups that refused to engage in a dialogue. Seeing opportunity in this chaotic state of affairs, the great northern European powers planned the division of its provinces and colonies.
The period of Liberal government (1820–1842) was marked by wars and guerrilla actions, but even so, many reforms and public works projects were introduced. The long-planned project to provide lighting in the city was finally implemented; and introduced in many private homes of the bourgeoisie between the years 1823 and 1837. Initially, lamps were lit by olive oil, and later fish oil, then were replaced by gas lamps in 1848. A new network of roads was constructed; and a line of steamships went into service linking Lisbon to Porto by sea. Plans were made to launch the construction of railways, but the war with the Conservatives made this impossible, and the first railroad line in Portugal, the Caminhos de Ferro Portugueses, between Lisbon and Carregado, would not open until 1856.This period was marked by a partial loss of Lisbon's economic vitality when Brazil became independent and its gold and other products no longer flowed into the capital. During the Cabralismo, the period from 1842 to 1846 when António Bernardo da Costa Cabral dominated Portuguese politics, noble titles were assigned to many of the more important bourgeoisie, as a compromise with the Conservative Party that had some success. With the loss of earnings from Brazil, dependence on the state became attractive for the leisure class, who feared competition from the neo-aristocrats and supported traditionally rigid social divisions. It was at this time that titles of 'Baron' and 'Viscount' multiplied among the landed property owners, many of them hereditary, but many others being limited to the life of the beneficiary receiving rents from the state or engaged in the corrupt politics of the time. The territorial aristocracy acquired the habit of spending the winters in Lisbon, staying in their manor houses (solars) only in summer. However, it was the common people who suffered most from the wars and the loss of Brazil, as the city's economy stagnated and it lost its international influence, going from the fifth most populous city in Europe to the tenth and continuing downward. Employment opportunities became more precarious and poverty again increased.


== Lisbon between Europe and Africa ==

Following the end of the wars and conflicts between absolutist conservatives and liberals, Lisbon was in a declining economic situation, having lost the gold and commodities monopoly of Brazil, the source of most of its wealth since the end of the 16th century. The northern European nations had prospered through industrialisation, and become rich through trade in the Americas (Great Britain would dominate the Brazilian market) and Asia. Portugal's downturn seemed irreversible.
Unable to decisively defeat the Liberals, and frightened by the economic downturn that conservative policies had led Portugal into since the 16th century, in contrast to the success of liberal England, France and the Netherlands, the absolutists who dominated the country and the capital partially relented. Limited reforms would be allowed in exchange for defending the conservative and religious values of a mostly rural population, with political power remaining in the hands of the large landowners. Elections would be held, but only those qualified by ownership of substantial property would be allowed to vote. The patronage of the state would be shared with the neo-aristocrats and titles granted to the large bourgeoisie and capitalists. The ruling classes would retain their privileges and subsidies from the state, and industrialisation would be limited to their interests.
In this period Lisbon was a poor and dirty city compared to the cities of northern Europe. Almost all its commercial importance derived from the monopoly it held on the products of the Portuguese colonies, especially Angola and Mozambique. The country itself was described in London, Paris and Berlin as an extension of North Africa, meaning a territory unable to govern itself. The first large-scale emigrations began, and many thousands of poor Lisbons departed for Brazil, not to take government administrative jobs, but rather to rise from the lower levels of the Portuguese social scale: Despite the poverty and backwardness of most of the country, a rich upper class rose in Lisbon which spent lavishly and behaved as if it belonged to the elite of northern Europe, while governing a rural and backward country crippled by economic protectionism, and lacking systems to provide state-funded education and health care. With the decreasing importance of land as a factor of wealth, the landed aristocracy and gentry orbited the royal court, living luxuriously on allowances and salaries distributed by the state using taxes collected from the middle and lower classes. A regime "of genteel manners" was established which ceased political persecution, but also halted any reforms; corruption was routine and almost always went unpunished. Occasionally, an exceptional politician who was amenable to change and willing to invest time and effort to bring it about would appear in the succession of mostly idle and corrupt administrators. The Prime Minister Fontes Pereira de Melo reacted against protectionism and fought for economic liberalization and expanded industrialisation; various economic and industrial developments were encouraged under his leadership, which was focused primarily on the development of infrastructure.

A railway line connecting Lisbon to Porto and intervening cities was constructed, with two new train stations: Santa Apolónia and Rossio. Electric lighting was introduced as a public utility in 1878, replacing gas lighting. The first master plans of urban development were drawn up.in response to the need to reverse the city's reputation as a dirty, backward capital that shocked visitors from northern Europe. Its inhabitants were encouraged to use the decorative ceramic tiles called azulejos on the exteriors of their houses and to paint the facades pink, according to municipal guidelines
(the numerous buildings with decorated tiles of this period dominate the city centre today). The first plumbing systems were installed and sewage and water treatment plants built in response to the cholera epidemics that killed thousands. Using the labour of the impoverished working class, it was now possible to pave both the new and the old streets (as well as Rossio Square) as had been done on a smaller scale in the 16th century, with the centuries-old traditional technique, known as calçada, of laying cobblestones. Other important innovations were the American street cars (passenger vehicles on rails pulled by horses), introduced in 1873; they were replaced in 1901 by electric trams, which still exist today, and the funiculars and cable cars that were installed on several of the ciiy's hills after 1880.

The cultural and commercial centre of the city moved to the Chiado. With the old streets of the Baixar already occupied, the owners of new stores and clubs established their businesses in the newly annexed hillside neighbourhood, which was rapidly developed. Clubs founded there included institutions like the Grémio Literário (Literary Guild), founded by the writers Almeida Garrett and Alexandre Herculano and described in the famous stories of Eca de Queiroz. Its elegant salons were frequented by Garrett and Herculano, as well as Ramalho Ortigão, Guerra Junqueiro, and Pedro de Oliveira Martins, among others. Clothing stores carried the latest Paris fashions and other luxury products, and department stores were built and set up in the style of Harrods of London or the Galeries Lafayette in Paris, as well as new Luso-Italian cafes like Tavares and Cafe Chiado.
Buildings rose and roads were constructed in the new neighbourhoods north of Lisbon, works initiated by the city council with the support of the bourgeoisie. In 1878 the public promenade was demolished; it was replaced in 1886 by the Avenida da Liberdade (Liberty Avenue), designed by Ressano Garcia to be the central urban axis of the city, connecting the Baixa with the newly developed areas of the city and extending into agricultural land in anticipation of further urban expansion. At the head of the avenue was constructed Marquis of Pombal Square (Praça do Marquês de Pombal), the new geographical centre of Lisbon, from which radiated the newly built avenues of Lisbon. The upper class of Lisbon built palaces on these thoroughfares; the most important was the Avenida Fontes Pereira de Melo, running northeast and ending in the new Praça Duque de Saldanha, whence it became a part of another great avenue, today República but initially Ressano Garcia. In the vicinity was the Campo Grande (then an open field and not a Garden) and the new Campo Pequeno bullring, completed in 1892 in a Moorish Revival architectural style. New neighbourhoods were built nearby on plans similar to that of the Baixa, including Campo de Ourique to the west, and Estefânia to the east. Adjacent to the Estefânia neighbourhood was the grand new avenue Avenida Rainha Dona Amélia (now rebuilt as Avenida Almirante Reis), linking it to the Martim Moniz. All these new developments transformed the city. The lower middle class and the common people settled in the eastern side of the city, while the upper middle classes and the wealthy bourgeoisie moved to the western side, with the Baixa being the location of the larger retail establishments.

In the cultural realm, this was the period when bullfighting and fado became popular entertainments, soon joined by the popular theatre and theatrical revues (imported from Paris) which, along with classical comedies and dramas, competed with the new theatres of the capital. A typically Portuguese entertainment of the time was the oratory, a competition in which actors corrupted the old art of António Vieira, vying for prizes in the performance of florid and usually superficial arguments in song. The first large public gardens were created around this time, imitating Hyde Park in London and the gardens of German cities; the first was the Jardim da Estrela (located opposite the Basilica da Estrela), where the Lisbon bourgeois resorted on the weekends.Socially, the upper classes of Lisbon were now a mix of conservative nobles who were forced to accept, albeit reluctantly, some liberal ideas, and the newly entitled bourgeois who held many conservative ideas. They were joined by the Brazilians, many of them formerly poor and uneducated immigrants who had immigrated to Brazil and grown rich, then returned to the city, eager to find acceptance in higher social circles. Lisbon was the industrial centre of the country, despite its industrialisation being minimal compared to that of England or Germany. The poorer strata of Lisbon society grew exponentially with the arrival of the first workers to man the new factories. They often lived in miserable slums, amidst raging epidemics of cholera and other diseases, working all day just to have enough to eat.Prior liberal governments had betrayed the middle class, whose taxes paid for the luxuries of the leisure classes, but they, receiving nothing in return, were invigorated by a new, more radical liberal movement, which threatened not only the old landowners but also the new capitalist barons and viscounts who depended on the largesse of the state.
An alliance between the most educated workers and the middle class was borne of the new radical liberalism, better known as Republicanism because of its opposition to the alliance of former liberals who now depended on the monarchist state (the newly entitled bourgeois) and the conservative monarchists of the old aristocracy, as well as large capitalists, landowners and dependents of the royal court.


== 1910 Revolution ==

With the emergence of a compromise government between the more right wing Liberals and the more moderate conservatives, as manifested in the constitutional monarchy, the lack of development and further notable reforms in the country led the more left wing Liberal party, made up mostly of middle class partisans, to reformulate its policy objectives. Thus was born a Republican Party that advocated radical liberal reforms such as universal suffrage, the end of the privileges of the Catholic Church and rents given to the nobles, and above all, the overthrow of a political elite discredited by its corruption and incompetence. The country went into debt and was increasingly dependent on the northern provinces of the country. The humiliation of submitting to the ultimatum of 11 January 1890 issued by Great Britain, an allied nation, was undoubtedly a cathartic episode. Britain demanded that Portugal surrender what are now Zambia and Zimbabwe and abandon its plans to acquire lands in this part of Africa that it needed to connect Angola and Mozambique.The conditions that made possible the Republican rise to power were above all economic. In the last quarter of the 19th century, a slow but vigorous industrialisation began in Portugal, concentrated in Lisbon and Porto. Although the people of the country remained mostly rural and Catholic, reflexively supporting the king and the Church, a new social class made up of industrial workers formed in Lisbon (and to a lesser extent in Porto and Beira) who shared most of the progressives' ideas. The manufacture of tobacco products and matches were the major industries in Lisbon at the time, but there were also textile, glass, rubber and canning factories, among many others. In total, at the end of the 19th century there would be tens of thousands of workers in various industries out of a total population of over 300,000 people. The first "industrial zones" of Lisbon were established in the Alcántara, Bom Sucesso and Santo Amaro neighbourhoods, thanks to the production of electricity coming from the Tejo Power Station in Belém. Living conditions for the new working class in Lisbon were miserable. Coming in large numbers from rural areas, they lived in tin shanties in large neighbourhoods with no infrastructure on the outskirts of town, their children often working long hours in the factories. Others came in large groups from the same village, and settled in abandoned lots, tents, and pátios in the former parish of Graça, located at the top of the Castelo hill and known for its courtyards. The first workers' districts appeared at this time, with dwellings built at minimal cost by entrepreneurs to attract the workforce. As the working poor struggled under deteriorating economic conditions and falling wages, the nation came increasingly under the control of an oligarchy of the rich.The first trade unions were organised at this time, many of which were affiliated with anarchists. Instead of joining the new Marxist party as elsewhere in Europe, other workers gathered around the middle and professional classes of the Republican Party, and supported their candidates in the elections of 1899 and 1900. As a result, the party, very weak in the north of the country, with the exception of Porto, gained increasing influence in the capital. Despite championing property rights and the free market, the Republicans promised to improve working conditions and pass social measures. However, the upper classes still lived in a society apart, unable to respond to the new political environment except with repression. The result was increasingly violent actions among the populace.
Facing republican dissent, Prime Minister João Franco dissolved the Câmara dos Deputados (Chamber of Deputies) and established an authoritarian government in 1907 with the backing of the elite. He was still in office when the king of Portugal, Carlos I, and his son and heir to the throne, Luis Filipe, were killed in the Terreiro do Paço on 1 February 1908 by assassins sympathetic to republican interests and aided by elements within the Portuguese Carbonária, disenchanted politicians and anti-monarchists. In 1909 the workers of Lisbon organised extensive strikes, and in 1910 Lisbon finally revolted. The population formed barricades in the streets and guns were distributed. Ordered to suppress the revolution, the army was decimated by defections. On 5 October of the same year the armed forces deposed the monarchy, ending the government's subordination to the interests of Great Britain. The rest of the country, although still deeply rural, Catholic and conservative, followed the capital's lead and accepted the republican regime, and the First Republic was proclaimed.The writer and politician Teófilo Braga was acclaimed President of the Provisional Government of the Portuguese Republic and led the government until approval of the Constitution in 1911, which marked the beginning of the First Republic. The old Republican Party would not survive the creation of the Republic, factions quickly developing between groups within the party to form new organizations. Liberal measures were enacted in 1911 with the passage of the "Separation Act", or Lei de Separação da Igreja do Estado (Law on the Separation of Church and State), including the right to divorce and the right to strike, as well as social support for workers implemented by creation of the welfare state (Estado Providência). Subsequently, the tax structure was modified from a model based on contributions from workers and the middle classes to one that taxed the rich more heavily. The privileges of the nobility and the Church were rescinded, while religious orders were again expelled and some of their property seized by the state.


== First Republic ==

On 5 October 1910, Portugal became a republic, ending a monarchy that had endured since the 12th century.
The period of the First Portuguese Republic (1910–1926) was marked by strife and political violence in Lisbon: under a little less than 16 years of republican government, there would be 45 changes of government.
Although the political environment was tense across Europe, with terrorist attacks and riots in even the most developed countries, the situation was more critical in Portugal, with economic and financial havoc. This was a time of upheavals, locally and nationally. The old Republican Party would not survive the creation of the Republic; factions quickly developed between groups within the party and formed new organizations. There was a succession of general strikes (now legal), demonstrations, gunfire exchanges, and even bombings in the streets of Lisbon; the Republican political class was divided on how to handle the situation. In 1912 the monarchists exploited discontent with liberal laws imposed by the Republicans in the north, and launched a coup that failed. In 1916, after Portugal interned German ships in Lisbon, Germany declared war on Portugal.In 1918 the Spanish flu descended on the city, killing many thousands and worsening the situation of the workers, who then revolted several times. Sidónio Pais, the military leader and politician was murdered in central Lisbon on 14 December 1918.As the city's population grew during this period, it continued to expand northward into the broad expanse above Pombal Square and Parque Eduardo VII known as “Avenidas Novas", which became the heart of the fashionable part of Lisbon, where the nouveau riche upper middle class built its grand new residences. This growth was part of the vision of engineer Frederico Ressano Garcia, with wide streets having tree-lined walkways in the middle, although the street grid was laid out unevenly as the area developed. The façades of the multi-story mansard-roofed buildings were topped by sculptures and painted in the traditional residential colors of the city: yellow, pink and light blue, presenting a characteristic appearance that remains its most visible face. Nearly all of them were built by speculators and small contractors, mostly originating from the city of Tomar, and known colloquially as patos bravos (wild ducks). Some of the new buildings were constructed in haste with little concern for safety, leading to several landslides and fatal accidents in the following years.
The First Republic ended in 1926, well into the 20th century, when the anti-democratic conservative right (still led for the most part by the descendants of the old nobility in northern Portugal and the Catholic Church) finally took power after two attempts in 1925, leading eventually to the development of a new ideology and authoritarian government under the leadership of António de Oliveira Salazar. This was the beginning of the Estado Novo, centred in Lisbon.


== Second Republic, or New State ==

The New State (Estado Novo) was the corporatist authoritarian regime installed in Portugal in 1933. It evolved from the Ditadura Nacional formed after the coup d'état of 28 May 1926 against the unstable democratic First Republic. Together, the Ditadura Nacional and the Estado Novo encompass the historical period of the Portuguese Second Republic. The New State, inspired by conservative and authoritarian ideologies; was developed by António de Oliveira Salazar, who ruled Portugal as a dictator from 1932 until 1968, when he had a stroke and was replaced by Marcelo Caetano.
The regime was staunchly conservative and nationalistic, opposing communism, socialism, anarchism, liberalism and anti-colonialism.

In the 1930s, Duarte Pacheco (1900–1943), first as Public Works minister and later as Mayor of Lisbon, was responsible for a redefinition of the city's urban area by an innovative concerted action of legislation, architecture and urbanisation. In 1933, Pacheco invited the French urban architect, Alfred Agache (1875–1959), to draw up an urbanization plan from Terreiro do Paço to Cascais. 24 July 1933 issue of the newspaper, Diário de Lisboa, announced: “We Will Modernise the Capital! The French architect Agache came to Lisbon to study the construction of a highway from Lisbon to Cascais". This was to be a panoramic coastal road designed to accentuate the Portuguese capital's spectacular location, emphasising its proximity to the sea and associated entertainment and touristic activities, as well as sunbathing areas and thermal spas of cosmopolitan character. Lisbon would be connected to "The Costa do Sol", a tourist resort with the Palace Hotel and the International Casino, where facilities for golf, horse-riding and horse racing, polo, auto racing, fencing, pigeon shooting and beach sports were available.

In 1938, Duarte Pacheco was appointed  mayor of the Lisbon City Council. Under his administration, significant changes were made in town planning policies, including new ordinances to facilitate land appropriation. Pacheco invited Étienne de Groër to work on a master plan for Lisbon between 1938 and 1948.  It was de Groër who planned the renovation of the Baixa and whose actions resulted in: the building of the University Campus of the Instituto Superior Técnico (IST) by the architect Porfírio Pardal Monteiro (1897–1957), the design of an integrated development of the city, the finalisation of the Bairro do Arco do Cego (the precursor of social housing in Lisbon), the widening of the Alameda D. Afonso Henriques, completion of the Luminosa fountain, the building of the National Institute of Statistics, the villas of the Avenida México and finally the steering of new development in the city to the north.

In 1940 Lisbon hosted The Portuguese World Exhibition (Exposição do Mundo Português). The double centenary, celebrated with the Exposição do Mundo Português (Portuguese World Exhibition) held between June and December 1940, was the first major cultural event of the Estado Novo (New State) dictatorship and marked the high-point of its "nationalist-imperialist" propaganda. Staged to commemorate the foundation of the nation in 1140 and the regaining of its independence from Spain in 1640, the Exhibition became a vehicle for the diffusion and legitimisation of the dictatorship's ideology and values in which the idea of the nation was (re)constructed through a series of carefully planned images, myths and symbols. The World Exhibition of Lisbon attracted over 3 million visitors. The site of the trade fair was located between the northern bank of the river Tagus and the Jeronimos Monastery. Today this area covers the Belem Cultural Centre and the gardens directly in front of the Jeronimos Monastery. The marina of Lisbon was constructed expressly for the fair.
Despite the preparations for the 1940 Portuguese World Exhibition, Lisbon was the stage of an unusual movement: as the crossroads of the circulation of refugees from World War II, Lisbon was an important meeting place for spies from both sides, given the neutral character of the country. "In 1940 Lisbon, happiness was staged so that God could believe it still existed," wrote the French writer Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. During World War II, Saint-Exupery escaped from France to Portugal and ended up in Lisbon, waiting for a visa to go to America. He was not the only one; the Portuguese capital became a symbol of hope for many refugees. Even Ilsa and Rick, the star-crossed lovers in the film Casablanca, sought a ticket to that "great embarkation point." Thousands had flooded the city, trying to obtain the documents necessary to escape to the United States or Palestine. On 26 June the main HIAS-HICEM (Jewish relief organization) European Office was authorised by the Portuguese Government to be transferred from Paris to Lisbon.

In 1956, the Portuguese Ambassador to the United Kingdom, Dr Pedro Theotonio Pereira, and Bernard Morgan, a retired solicitor from London, organised the first Tall Ships' Race a race of 20 of the world's remaining large sailing ships. The race was from Torquay, Devon, to Lisbon, and was meant to be a last farewell to the era of the great sailing ships. Public interest was so intense, however, that race organisers founded the Sail Training International Association to direct the planning of future events. Since then Tall Ships' Races have occurred annually in various parts of the world, with millions of spectators.On 6 August 1966, a suspension bridge connecting Lisbon to the municipality of Almada on the left (south) bank of the Tejo river was inaugurated.
 Because it is a suspension bridge and has similar colouring, it is often compared to the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, United States. The bridge also allowed Lisbon inhabitants direct egress to escape the hassle and the heat of Lisbon on a hot summer day and enjoy the beaches of Costa da Caparica,  a continuous 30 km stretch of golden sands, a suitable alternative to the Cascais/Estoril coast.

Urban renewal projects initiated by the New State razed much of the Mouraria in the 1930s through the 1970s, thus eradicating a considerable amount of the last physical remnants of Moorish Lisbon, the loss of which has become a subject of lament in Lisbon fado.
In the later years of the New State's rule, the city had a population boom, driven by economic development and industrial progress. During the 1950s and especially the 1960s, there was a large-scale rural exodus from the provinces to the capital. Surrounding areas were filled with peasants uprooted from farms and dwelling in squalid neighbourhoods. The largest and best known of these was the Brandoa. From the 1960s onward, government policy was influenced by the technocratic faction in the regime which advocated modernisation projects including expansion of the educational system and industrialisation, leading to a fast-growing national economy with increases in general standards of living and quality of life in the city. Although it is generally agreed that the republic accomplished several notable social and economic achievements, including major improvements in public health and education levels in the period between the end of the Second World War and the 1974 revolution, the New State was finally deposed by the Carnation Revolution (Revolução dos Cravos), launched in Lisbon with a military coup on 25 April 1974. The movement was joined by a popular campaign of civil resistance, leading to the fall of the Estado Novo, the restoration of democracy, and the withdrawal of Portugal from its African colonies and East Timor. The strain of waging the Portuguese Colonial War had overextended and weakened the Portuguese dictatorship, leading to the overthrow of Caetano's regime. Younger military officers, disillusioned by a far-off and taxing war, began to side with the pro-independence resistance against Portugal and eventually led the military coup in Lisbon, ending a dictatorship that had been in power since 1933.


== Third Republic ==
The Carnation revolution of 1974, effectively a bloodless left-wing military coup, installed the Third Republic, and broad democratic reforms were implemented in the country's government. With Portugal's admission to the European Union in 1986, plans to rehouse the huge population living in deprived areas of the city emerged. There are now fewer slums in the capital and its environs, although there are serious problems in those that remain. But even these, such as Mouraria, have seen changes. In 1988, a fire near the historical centre of Chiado greatly disrupted normal life in the area for about 10 years. Another boost to Lisbon's international standing was Expo 98 which opened up a new space in the capital, the Parque das Nações (Park of Nations).Expo '98 (1998 Lisbon World Exposition), held to coincide with the commemoration of the 500th anniversary of Vasco da Gama's voyage to India, was exploited by the Portuguese government to perform a thorough renovation of the city. Construction of the Vasco da Gama Bridge, the longest bridge in Europe (including viaducts), with a total length of 17.2 kilometres (10.7 mi), had begun in February 1995, and it opened to traffic on 29 March 1998, just in time for the fair.
The Exposition's theme was 'The Oceans, a Heritage for the Future'; around 11 million visitors attended in 132 days, with 155 countries and organizations represented. Expo '98 shut down on 30 September 1998, and the site remained closed until February 1999, when it reopened as Parque das Nações (Park of the Nations), a free-access park, keeping the gardens, Oceanarium (Europe's then largest aquarium), observation tower, funicular, and the Virtual Reality pavilion. The area thrives today, attracting 18 million tourists a year to its gardens, museums, commercial areas and modern buildings. It has also become a permanent residential area for up to 25,000 people and one of Lisbon's premier business centres, with many multinational corporations having their headquarters in its main avenue.
The city has also hosted meetings of the Ibero-American Summit as well as of the Portuguese-speaking African countries, or PALOP, (Países Africanos de Língua Oficial Portuguesa).
The real impetus to Lisbon's modernization came when Portugal joined the European Union (EU). The city received significant funds for land redevelopment and urban renewal, and was chosen the European Capital of Culture in 1994. The Lisbon Strategy was an agreement between the EU nations based on measures to improve the European economy, signed in the city in March 2000. Sessions of the European Council were held in Lisbon in which the ministerial meetings and the agreements to be worked out between members of the European Community, known as the Bologna Process, were approved, having been first proposed in the Italian city.


== 21st century ==

Reforms made by local government in the first years of the 21st century established the administrative region of the Lisbon metropolitan area. Lisbon's metro system was expanded with the addition of several new stations, among them the transportation hub of Gare do Oriente, designed by the Spanish neofuturistic architect, Santiago Calatrava, and finished in time for the Expo '98 world's fair on land east of the city centre in Parque das Nações (Park of Nations). The station has since reached a ridership of 75 million passengers per year. Lisbon's international airport is located in the city centre, but with no room to expand, may soon have problems meeting demand.

Between 1999 and 2001, Lisbon hosted various world sport championships including the 1999 World Junior Basketball Championship, the 2000 Bowling World Championship, the 2000 Masters Cup in Tennis, the 2001 Cycling World Championships, the 2001 Fencing World Championship, and the 2001 Indoor Athletics World Championships.The city acquired the Museu do Design e da Moda (Museum of Design and Fashion) in 2002. This small museum, located in the architecturally distinctive former Banco Nacional Ultramarino building, features displays of fashion and industrial design, grouped by decade. These consist of about a thousand objects of furniture and utilitarian design, as well as 1200 pieces of haute couture representing remarkable moments in high fashion of the 20th and 21st centuries.On 3 November 2005, Lisbon hosted the MTV European Music Awards at the Pavilhão Atlântico. The show was opened by a leotard-clad Madonna, who exploded from a shiny disco ball to the tune "Hung Up". Lisbon is also the host city for the Portuguese editions of Rock in Rio, the largest rock festival in the world.
On 7 July 2007, Lisbon was the site of the election ceremony of the "New 7 Wonders Of The World" in the Estádio da Luz, with live transmission to millions of people around the world.

The Campo Pequeno bullring (Praça de Touros do Campo Pequeno), Lisbon's bullfighting arena, built between 1890 and 1892 in neo-Mudéjar style, is located in the Campo Pequeno Square by the Avenida da República. After a major renovation, it reopened as a multi-event venue in 2006, designed to be used for various events besides bullfighting. Including an underground shopping centre, restaurants and a parking lot, it features a range of live performances, with many famous bands having performed there.
Immigrants who came to Lisbon in the early years of the 21st century from the Portuguese-speaking African countries (PALOP), especially Angola and Guinea, now constitute a large proportion of the city's immigrant population. The majority of them arrived before the economic crisis of 2008 to fill the demand for workers in the service sector and in the construction of large public works projects.As in the past, Lisbon has a network of outdoor vegetable gardens (hortas) providing fresh produce to residents of many of the traditional neighbourhoods in the city, although today they are officially sanctioned and regulated. Fado was often performed in the hortas of Mouraria and the Alfama during the 19th and early 20th centuries.The Treaty of Lisbon, signed in December 2007, was the premier European Union event held in Portugal. The document was designed to improve the functioning of the Union by amending the Treaty on European Union as well as the treaty establishing the European Community. The most important reforms introduced were mitigating the chances of deadlock in the Council of the European Union, increasing the legislative and budgetary powers of the European Parliament, reducing the number of members of the European Commission, abandoning the three pillars of the European Union, and creating the positions of President of the European Council and High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy to provide greater consistency and continuity to EU policies.
The NATO Lisbon Summit of 2010 (19–20 November) convened to cement NATO'S new "Strategic Concept", a plan aiming to implement better coordination between the military and civilian organisations and to address the economic concerns of member states, as well as new threats such as cyberattacks.
These  summit meetings are regarded as a periodic opportunity for the Heads of State and Heads of Government of NATO member countries to evaluate and provide strategic direction for Alliance activities.


== Historical population ==


== See also ==
History of Portugal
Timeline of Lisbon


== Notes ==
This article incorporates text from a publication Spain and Portugal, 1908, pp. 508–511,  edited by Henry Smith Williams, now in the public domain. The original text has been edited.
This article incorporates information translated from the equivalent article on the Portuguese Wikipedia.


== Bibliography ==


== External links ==
https://web.archive.org/web/20160524104422/http://museudacidade.pt/
[1]
<|endoftext|>
The National Research and Innovation Agency (Indonesian: Badan Riset dan Inovasi Nasional, BRIN) is a non-ministerial government agency formed by Indonesian government in 2019. Originally a new agency attached to Ministry of Research and Technology and leading to formation of Ministry of Research and Technology/National Research and Innovation Agency, the agency finally separated and made into a new non-ministerial government agency directly under the President of Indonesia in 2021.


== History ==


=== Formation ===
On 17 April 2018, Presidential Decree No. 38/2018 (On National Research Main Framework of 2017–2045) signed by Joko Widodo. The Main Framework outlining the national research policies and priorities for comprehensive sustainable development.Before BRIN existed, government research and development activities scattered across various ministries, government institutes and mostly pursuing short term outcomes. Not only that, research and development management is far from effective. Corruption Eradication Commission reported in 2018, that from the national government research funding around 24.92 trillion rupiahs allocated for research (0.25% of Indonesia Bruto domestic product), in which only 43.74% spent on Research and Development (RnD) activities, while others spent for operational costs (30.68%), service costs (13.17%), capital expenditure (6.65%), and education and training (5.77%). Not only that, fictitious researches, overlapping researches, and various misuse and mismanagement of funding also reported. BRIN formed with intention to fix the problems in Indonesia research ecosystem.
BRIN formation was not apart from the figure of Megawati Soekarnoputri, former fifth President of Indonesia and Leader of Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle. The BRIN formation was suggested by her during her political speech during 46th anniversary party event in January 2019. In her speech, she suggested to the current sitting president, Joko Widodo, to form of a national-centered research and innovation agency to direct and support national research ecosystem, promoting nationality, and promoting national self-sufficiency.On 13 August 2019, Joko Widodo signed Law No. 11 of 2019 (Law of National System of Sciences and Technology). Article 48 of the law laying foundation of future BRIN. After winning the election, on 23 October 2019, he signed Presidential Decision No. 113/P/2019 on formation of his cabinet and the ministers. As the Presidential Decision written, the agency attached to Ministry of Research and Technology. On 24 October 2019, BRIN temporary constituting document, Presidential Decree No. 74/2019 signed by him. The constituting document specify that the organizational system of BRIN must be fixed in three months after the signing of the temporary document.


=== Uncertainty ===
However, Bambang Brodjonegoro, the Minister of Research and Technology somehow failed to finished it and meet the deadline. In response, Joko Widodo issued temporary extension thru Presidential Decree No. 95/2019 on 31 December 2019, enabling the process extended to 31 April 2020. However, until the time past, the process still not finished. The situation make Indonesian researchers becoming worry that something wrong happened.The uncertainty problem arise due to conflicts between the three ministries: Ministry of Research and Technology, Ministry of Law and Human Rights, and Ministry of State Apparatus Utilization and Bureaucratic Reform. People's Representative Council requested Joko Widodo to warned the ministries to work properly and consolidating.In an interview on 11 April 2021, Bambang Brodjonegoro accused that there is a "political power" in government that attempted to make BRIN as autonomous body.


=== Separation ===
On 30 March 2021, Joko Widodo submitted a Presidential Letter No. R-14/Pres/03/2021 to People's Representative Council contained a proposal for major change his cabinet. In his Presidential Letter, Ministry of Research and Technology and Ministry of Education and Culture will be fused into one ministry named Ministry of Education, Culture, Research and Technology. While a new ministry, Ministry of Investment, will be spin off from current Coordinating Ministry for Maritime and Investments Affairs to be independent ministry on its own, but still under its coordination. BRIN will be separated as a new non-ministerial agency.On 9 April 2021, People's Representative Council, approved the changes. On 13 April 2021, Ali Mochtar Ngabalin, spokesperson and expert professional of Deputy IV (Information and Political Communication) Executive Office of the President of the Republic of Indonesia, announced that the second reshuffle will take place on second week of April 2021.


== Organizations ==
The BRIN organization consist of:

Office of The Head of National Research and Innovation Agency
Expert Staffs
Office of General Secretariat
Deputy of Strengthening Research and Development Directorate of Research and Development System
Directorate of Research and Community Service
Directorate of Industrial Technology Development
Directorate of Intellectual Property Management
Deputy of Strengthening InnovationDirectorate of Innovation System
Directorate of Technology-based Startup Companies
Directorate of Industrial Innovation
Office of General Inspectorate


== Responses ==
BRIN formation is welcomed by many scientists, and politicians. It separation to become a fully independent agency reporting directly to the president also praised.
However, there is some fears that BRIN might become a political tool which leading to a source of potential conflict of interest. Largely, because BRIN existence is not separated from the role of Megawati and there is a rumor that Megawati wanted to be placed in BRIN Directorial Committee. To prevent BRIN become political tool, Indonesian Young Scientists Academy (Indonesian: Akademi Ilmuwan Muda Indonesia/ALMI) issued three stances: (1) government must keeping science and technology as base for policy making and decision, (2) instrumentation of science and technology and preventing BRIN, science and technology institute and research centers, and universities to become state corporations which follows the governing regime's political will and capitalism market to ensure their neutrality and independence, (3) ensuring the clear BRIN role as executor, not as the regulator to prevent overlapping role with ministries, and clearing form of BRIN as either independent agency on his own, or combining the existing government research and development agencies into BRIN umbrella.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Mandu is a small village in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
<|endoftext|>
Pilsner (also pilsener or simply pils) is a type of pale lager. It takes its name from the Bohemian city of Pilsen (Plzeň), where it was first produced in 1842 by Bavarian brewer Josef Groll. The world's first pale lager, the original Pilsner Urquell, is still produced there today.


== History ==


=== Origin ===
The city of Pilsen began brewing in 1295, but until the mid-1840s, most Bohemian beers were top-fermented. The taste and standards of quality often varied widely, and in 1838, consumers dumped whole barrels to show their dissatisfaction. The officials of Pilsen founded a city-owned brewery in 1839, called in German: Bürger-Brauerei Pilsen (Czech: Měšťanský pivovar Plzeň, English: Citizens' Brewery) which is now known as Pilsner Urquell. It was here they began to brew beer in the pioneering Bavarian style.Brewers had begun aging beer made with cool fermenting yeasts in caves (lager, i.e., German: gelagert [stored]), which improved the beer's clarity and shelf-life. Part of this research benefited from the knowledge already expounded on in a book (printed in German in 1794, in Czech in 1799), written by Czech brewer František Ondřej Poupě (German: Franz Andreas Paupie) (1753–1805) from Brno.The Pilsen brewery recruited the Bavarian brewer Josef Groll (1813–1887) who, using the specifics of local ingredients and paler malts, presented his first batch of pale lager on 5 October 1842. The combination of Pilsen's remarkably soft water, local Saaz noble hops from nearby Žatec, brighter malt prepared by British technology, and Bavarian-style lagering (bottom-fermented beer termed at the time) produced a clear, golden beer. The recipe was regarded as a sensation and took hold very quickly.
Groll's contract with the brewery ended in 1845, he returned to Vilshofen in Bavaria and later inherited his father's brewery. The Groll brewery no longer exists. 
Parts of the brewery, however, were acquired by Wolferstetter, another brewery from Vilshofen, which still produces a Josef Groll Pils. 
Emergence of efficient glass manufacturing in Europe around the same time, lowered glass prices. This allowed the general population to purchase glass drinking vessels for the first time. These former luxury items showcased the visually pleasing golden clarity of the beer, further influencing the Pilsner's rapid dissemination.
In 1853, the beer was available in 35 pubs in Prague. In 1856, it came to Vienna and in 1862 to Paris. Improving transport and communications also meant that this new beer was soon available throughout Europe, and the Pilsner style of brewing was soon widely imitated. In 1859, Pilsner Bier was registered as a brand name at the Chamber of Commerce and Trade in Pilsen. In 1898, the Pilsner Urquell trademark was created to put emphasis on being the original brewery (Urquell, meaning 'original well', the English equivalent would probably be 'prototype Pilsener beer').
Some beers are labeled Urtyp Pilsener (UP) meaning they are brewed according to the original process, although many breweries use this accolade for their top beer.


=== Modern developments ===
The introduction of modern refrigeration to Germany  by Carl von Linde in the late 19th century eliminated the need for caves for beer storage, enabling the brewing of cool fermenting beer in many new locations.Until 1993 the Pilsner Urquell brewery fermented its beer using open barrels in the cellars beneath their brewery. This changed in 1993 with the use of large cylindrical tanks. Small samples are still brewed in a traditional way for taste comparisons.
A modern pale lager termed a Pilsner may have a very light, clear colour from pale to golden yellow, with varying levels of hop aroma and flavour. The alcohol strength of beers termed Pilsner vary but are typically around 4.5%–5% (by volume). There are categories such as "European-Style Pilsner" at beer competitions such as the World Beer Cup. Pilsen style lagers are marketed internationally by numerous small brewers and larger conglomerates.


== Styles ==

German-style Pilsner
Light straw to golden colour with more bitter or earthy taste – Beck's, Bitburger, Flensburger, Fürstenberg, Holsten, Jever, König, Krombacher, Radeberger, St. Pauli Girl, Veltins, Warsteiner, Wernesgrüner, Einbecker.Czech-style Pilsner
Golden, full of colours, with high foaminess and lighter flavour – Budějovický (Budweiser), Gambrinus, Kozel, Pilsner Urquell, Radegast, Staropramen, SvijanyEuropean-style Pilsner
Has a slightly sweet taste, can be produced from other than barley malt – Dutch: Amstel, Grolsch, Heineken or Belgian: Jupiler, Stella ArtoisAmerican-style Pilsner
German immigrants brought pilsner style beers to America in the mid-19th century. American pilsners today are still closer to the German style, but the grist contains up to 25% corn and/or rice. The style generally has medium-low to medium sweet malt flavor, and medium to high European hop notes.


== See also ==
Beer by region


== References ==


== External links ==
Gesellschaft für Geschichte des Brauwesens e.V. (GGB)
Die Kunst des Bierbrauens
<|endoftext|>
South Carolina Highway 177 (SC 177) is a 7.820-mile (12.585 km) primary state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It connects the community of Wallace with Hamlet, North Carolina.


== Route description ==
SC 177 is a two-lane rural highway that traverses from Wallace at SC 9 to the North Carolina state line.


== History ==
The highway was established in 1960 as a renumbering of SC 77, little has changed since.Two predecessors existed before the current SC 177 came to existence.  The first appeared from 1930-1936 as a new primary routing from U.S. Route 176 (US 176)/SC 10 in Spartanburg to the North Carolina state line; it eventually became part of SC 9.  The second appeared from 1938-1951 as a new primary routing from US 176 southeast of Pomaria to US 76/SC 2 near Ballentine.  It was adjusted twice, in 1948 extending and replacing SC 664, and in 1950 shifting to meet with US 176/SC 121 split.  It was eventually renumbered as an extension of US 176.


=== South Carolina Highway 77 ===
South Carolina Highway 77 (SC 77) was established in 1937 as a renumbering of SC 98 from Wallace to the North Carolina state line. In 1960, this became SC 177.Another SC 77 reappeared only appeared on South Carolina official maps in 1981-1982 as a proposed segment of Interstate 77 (I-77) from US 76/US 378 to I-20. When the freeway eventually opened, it was simply labeled as I-77.


=== South Carolina Highway 664 ===
South Carolina Highway 664 (SC 664) was established in 1941 or 1942 as a new primary routing between SC 177 and US 176.  In 1948, it was renumbered to SC 177.


== Major intersections ==
The entire route is in Marlboro County.


== See also ==
 U.S. roads portal


== References ==


== External links ==

 Media related to South Carolina Highway 177 at Wikimedia Commons
Former SC 77 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
SC 177 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
Former SC 664 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
<|endoftext|>
Ogmograptis scribula, the scribbly gum moth, is a moth of the family Bucculatricidae. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales and Queensland.


== Description ==
The wingspan is about 8 mm. They have narrow wings, long hair scales on the trailing edges of the wings and sombre colours. Not much is known about their life history, because they are difficult to rear and are reluctant to come to light. They appear to have a very short flight period. It is thought that the moth lays the egg onto the bark.


== Scribbles ==
They mine the barks of various smooth-barked Eucalyptus species, causing so-called scribbles. This scribble has the form of a zigzag gallery in the surface of the bark. The mine consists of a sinuous, zigzag gallery that widens gradually as the larva grows. When the larva is about half grown, it reverses course and mines back parallel to the old mine. Larvae have been found feeding on Eucalyptus pauciflora, Eucalyptus rossii, Eucalyptus haemastoma, Eucalyptus racemosa and Eucalyptus sclerophylla. Pupation takes place in grey, ridged cocoons in litter near their host plant.
In 2007, Cooke and Edwards argued that O. scribula was the scribbler on Eucalyptus pauciflora, but that the scribbles on other ACT species of scribbly gum (Eucalyptus racemosa ssp. rossii, and E. delegatensis) came from a different species of Ogmograptis, since the patterning of the scribbles was consistently different across the three eucalypt species.

		


== References ==


== External links ==
Australian Museum
Australian Faunal Directory
Australian Insects
A Guide to Australian Moths
<|endoftext|>
Taralezh Island (Bulgarian: остров Таралеж, romanized: ostrov Taralezh, IPA: [ˈɔstrof tɐrɐˈɫɛʒ]) is the partly ice-free island 470 m long in west–east direction and 232 km wide in the Dannebrog Islands group of Wilhelm Archipelago in the Antarctic Peninsula region. Its surface area is 6.71 ha.The feature is so named because of its shape supposedly resembling a hedgehog ('taralezh' in Bulgarian), and in association with other descriptive names of islands in the area.


== Location ==
Taralezh Island is located at 65°03′44″S 64°06′27″W, which is 45 m north of Spatnik Island, 2.4 km east-southeast of Sprey Island, 1.67 km southwest of Revolver Island and 2.54 km west-northwest of the west extremity of Booth Island. British mapping in 2001.


== Maps ==
British Admiralty Nautical Chart 446 Anvers Island to Renaud Island. Scale 1:150000. Admiralty, UK Hydrographic Office, 2001
Brabant Island to Argentine Islands. Scale 1:250000 topographic map. British Antarctic Survey, 2008
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated


== See also ==
List of Antarctic and subantarctic islands


== Notes ==


== References ==
Taralezh Island. SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)


== External links ==
Taralezh Island. Adjusted Copernix satellite imageThis article includes information from the Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria which is used with permission.
<|endoftext|>
The 51st International Film Festival of India was held from 16 to 24 January 2021 in Goa. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic the festival went  hybrid, there was physical and virtual screening of 50 films out of 224 films across various categories. Bangladesh was country of focus in the festival with four films of the country included in 'country of focus' section.The festival highlighted autism spectrum disorder (ASD) by premiering a film by Shreedhar, In Our World in non-feature film, Indian Panorama section on 18 January 2021.The opening and closing ceremonies of the festival were aired live on DD India and DD National channels on 16 January and 24 January 2021, respectively.


== Events ==
Being a ‘hybrid’ film festival, a few events are organised online also.


=== Retrospective films ===
Live Flesh, Bad Education and Volver by Pedro Almodóvar (Spain)
The Square and Force Majeure by Ruben Östlund (Sweden)
One on One by Kim Ki-duk (South Korea)


=== Master classes ===
Shekhar Kapur, Priyadarshan, Perry Lang, Subhash Ghai and Tanvir Mokammel are scheduled to hold master classes.


=== In-conversation sessions ===
Ricky Kej
Madhur Bhandarkar
Anjali Menon
Prasoon Joshi
Rahul Rawail
Aditya Dhar
John Matthew Matthan
Prasanna Vithanage
Bickram Ghosh
Abu Bakr Shawky
Anupama Chopra
Sunil Doshi
Dominic Sangma
Sunit Tandon
Hariharan
Pablo Cesar


=== Tribute ===
Tribute to the celebrated filmmaker Satyajit Ray marking his birth centenary by screening his classic works:
Charulata (1964)
Ghare Baire (1984)
Pather Panchali (1955)
Shatranj Ke Khilari (1977)
Sonar Kella (1974)Tribute to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on the occasion of his 125th birth anniversary by screening film:

Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero by Shyam Benegal


=== Online events ===
50 films out of 224 films across various categories are scheduled to be screened online.
Opening and closing ceremony live telecast
Q&A sessions
Film appreciation sessions by Film and Television Institute of India professors: Mazhar Kamran, Madhu Apsara and Pankaj Saxena
Mid fest world premiere of Mehrunisa


== Jury ==
Sources:


=== International jury ===
Pablo César (Argentina), director, producer, writer, actor and editor, Chairman
Prasanna Vithanage (Sri Lanka), filmmaker
Abu Bakr Shawky (Austria), writer and director
Priyadarshan (India), director, screenwriter and producer
Rubaiyat Hossain (Bangladesh), director, writer and producer


=== Feature film jury ===
John Matthew Matthan, filmmaker, screenwriter and producer, Chairperson
Dominic Sangma, filmmaker and screenwriter
Jadumoni Dutta, filmmaker, screenwriter and producer
Kala Master, choreographer
Kumar Sohoni, filmmaker and writer
Rama Vij,  actor and producer
B. Ramamurthy, filmmaker
Sanghamitra Chaudhuri, filmmaker and journalist
Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan, filmmaker
Satinder Mohan, film critic and journalist
Sudhakar Vasantha, filmmaker and producer
T Prasanna Kumar, film producer
U Radhakrishnan, ex-secretary, Federation of Film Societies of India


=== Non-feature film jury ===
Haobam Paban Kumar, feature and documentary filmmaker, Chairperson
Atul Gangwar, director, screenwriter, and producer
Jwngdao Bodosa, filmmaker
Mandar Talauliker, filmmaker
Sajin Babu, filmmaker
Satish Pande, producer and director
Vaijayanti Apte, script writer and producer


== Winners ==
Sources:
Golden Peacock (Best Film): Into the Darkness
Silver Peacock:
Best Director: Chen-Nien Ko for Taiwanese film Silent Forest
IFFI Best Actor Award (Male): Tzu-Chuan Liu, film Silent Forest
IFFI Best Actor Award (Female): Zofia Stafiej for Polish film I Never Cry
Special Jury Award: February by Kamin Kalev
Best Debut Director: Valentina by Cássio Pereira dos Santos
Lifetime Achievement Award: Vittorio Storaro
Jury Special Mention: Kripal Kalita for the film BridgeICFT UNESCO Gandhi Medal: 200 Meters by Ameen Nayfeh


== Special awards ==
Indian Film Personality of the Year - Biswajit Chatterjee


== Official selections ==
Source:


=== Opening film ===
Another Round (Denmark), by Thomas Vinterberg, it was Denmark's official entry to the Oscars, in 2020.


=== Mid fest film ===
Mehrunisa (Austria), directed by Sandeep Kumar, stars formidable actor Farrukh Jaffar (88). The film revolves around the story that lends wings to a woman’s life long dream.


=== Closing film ===
Wife of a Spy (Japan), theatrical version of television film directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa, a historical drama won the Silver Lion for Best Director at 77th Venice International Film Festival.


=== Kaleidoscope section ===
Twelve foreign films were screened in this section. 
These include:

Night of the Kings by Philippe Lacôte (France)
Love Affair(s) by Emmanuel Mouret (France)
The Big Hit (Un triomphe) by Emmanuel Courcol (France)
Window Boy Would also Like to Have a Submarine by Alex Piperno (Uruguay)
Forgotten We’ll Be by Fernando Trueba (Columbia)
Haifa Street by Mohanad Hayal (Iraq)
We Still Have the Deep Black Night by Gustavo Galvao (Brazil, Germany)
Parthenon by Mantas Kvedaravicius (Lithuania)
Apples by Christos Nikou (Greece)
My Little Sister by Stephanie Chuat and Veronique Reymond (Switzerland)
The Death of Cinema and My Father Too by Dani Rosenberg (Israel)
Valley of the Gods by Lech Majewski (Poland)


=== Golden peacock award ===
In international section, 15 films are competing for the Golden Peacock Award. Argentine filmmaker Pablo Cesar is head of its international jury panel. 
The films competing for the Golden Peacock Award are:

The Domain by Tiago Guedes (Portugal)
Into The Darkness by Anders Refn (Denmark)
February by Kamen Kalev (Bulgaria, France)
My Best Part by Nicolas Maury (France)
I Never Cry by Piotr Domalewski (Poland, Ireland)
La Veronica by Leonardo Medel (Chile)
Light For The Youth by Shin Su-won (South Korea)
Red Moon Tide by Lois Patiño (Spain)
Dream About Sohrab by Ali Ghavitan (Iran)
The Dogs Didn’t Sleep Last Night by Ramin Rasouli (Afghanistan, Iran)
The Silent Forest by KO Chen-Nien (Taiwan)
Bridge by Kripal Kalita (India)
A Dog and His Man by Siddharth Tripathy (India)
Thaen by Ganesh Vinayakan (India)


=== Indian panorama ===
Feature filmsSaand Ki Aankh (Hindi), opening film
Bridge (Assamese)
Avijatrik (Bengali)
Aavartan (Hindi)
A Dog And His Man (Chhattisgarhi)
Brahma Janen Gopon Kommoti (Bengali)
Pinki Elli? (Kannada)
Safe (Malayalam)
Eigi Kona (Manipuri)
Prawaas (Marathi)
Kalira Atita (Oriya)
Thaen (Tamil)
Gatham (Telugu)
Asuran (Tamil)
Chhichhore (Hindi)
Kappela (Malayalam)
Up, Up & Up (animation)
Namo (Sanskrit)
June (Marathi)
Karkhanisanchi Waari (Marathi)
Kettyolaanu Ente Malakha (Malayalam)
Thahira (Malayalam)
Trance (Malayalam)Non feature films100 Years Of Chrysotom - A Biographical Film (English)
Ahimsa- Gandhi: The Power Of The Powerless (English)
Catdog (Hindi)
Drama Queens (English)
Green Blackberries (Nepali)
Highways Of Life (Manipuri)
Holy Rights (Hindi)
In Our World (English)
Investing Life (English)
Jaadoo (Hindi)
Jhat Aayi Basant (Pahari/Hindi)
Justice Delayed But Delivered (Hindi)
Khisa (Marathi)
Oru Paathiraa Swapnam Pole (Malayalam)
Paanchika (Gujarati)
Pandhara Chivda (Marathi)
Radha (Bengali)
Shantabai (Hindi)
Still Alive (Marathi)
The 14th February & Beyond (English)


=== In memoriam ===
A special section in this festival will be organized in honour of the artists who passed away in the year 2020 to pay homage to them.
42 starring Chadwick Boseman
Basant Bahar starring Nimmi
Bobby starring Rishi Kapoor
Brahmachari
Chilika Teerey starring Bijay Mohanty
Charulata, Satyajit Ray
Chhoti Si Baat by Basu Chatterjee
Cutter's Way by Ivan Passer
Dabangg
Devdas
Dombivali Fast
Ek Din Achanak
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close starring Max von Sydow
Gandhi costume designer Bhanu Athaiya
Ghare Baire, Satyajit Ray
Kedarnath starring Sushant Singh Rajput
Land of the Gods
Midnight Express by Alan Parker
Mission Kashmir
Paan Singh Tomar starring Irrfan Khan
Paths of Glory
Sigaram starring S. P. Balasubrahmanyam
Sonar Kella
Soorma Bhopali by Jagdeep
Tara
The Hateful Eight music composed by Ennio Morricone
The Heiress starring Olivia de Havilland


=== World panorama ===
Source
Only Human by Igor Ivanov (Macedonia)
The Lawyer by Romas Zabarauskar (Lithuania)
Rupsa Nodir Banke by Tanvir Mokammel (Bangladesh)
Buiten Is Het Feest by Jelle Nesna (Netherlands)
3 PUFF by Saman Salour (Andorra)
The Atlantic City Story by Henry Butash (USA)
Gesture by Pouya Parsamagham (Iran)
Zhanym, Ty Ne Poverish by Ernar Nurgaliev (Kazakhstan)
Running Against The Wind by Jan Philipp Weyl (Germany, Ethiopia)
Spring Blossom by Suzanne Lindon (France)
The Audition by Ina Weisse (Germany)
Moral Order by Mario Barroso (Portugal)
Unidentified by Bogdan George Apetri (Romania)
The First Death of Joana by Cristiane Oliveira (Brazil)
The trouble with Nature by Illum Jacobi (Denmark, France)
The Castle by Lina LužYtė (Lithuania, Ireland)
Maternal by Maura Delpero (Italy)
A Fish Swimming Upside Down by Erliza Pëtkova (Germany)
Fauna by Nicolás Pereda (Spanish)
SUK SUK by Ray Yeung (Hong Kong)
Long Time No See by Pierre Filmon (France)
Summer Rebels by Martina Sakova (Slovakia)
In The Dusk by Šarūnas Bartas (Lithuania)
A Common Crime by Francisco Márquez (Argentina)
Lola by Laurent Micheli (Belgium, France)
The Voiceless by Pascal Rabaté (France)
The Taste of Pho by Mariko Bobrik (Poland, Germany)
Stardust by Gabriel Range (UK)
Funny Face by Tim Sutton (USA)
Naked Animals by Melanie Waelde (Germany)
Las Niñas by Pilar Palomero (Spain)
Kala Azar by Janis Rafa (Netherlands, Greece)
История Одной Картины by Ruslan Magomadov (Russia)
Paradies by Immanuel Esser (Germany)
Borderline by Anna Alfieri (UK)
A Simple Man by Tassos Gerakinis (Greece)
180° Rule by Farnoosh Samadi (Iran)
Here We Are by Nir Bergman (Israel, Italy)
The Border by Davide David Carrera (Colombia)
End Of Season by ElmarImanov (Azerbaijan, Germany, Georgia)
This Is My Desire by Arie Esiri, Chuko Esiri (Nigeria, USA)
Karnawal by Juan Pablo Felix (Argentina)
Parents by Eric Bergkraut, Ruth Schweikert (Switzerland)
The Voice by OgnjenSviličić (Croatia)
Spiral...Fear Is Everywhere by Kurtis David Harder (Canada)
Isaac by Angeles Hernandez & David Matamoros (Spain)
Farewell Amor by Ekwa Msangi (US)
The Man Who Sold His Skin by Kaouther Ben Hania (Tunisia, France)
Roland Rabers Cabaret of Death by Roland Reber (Germany)
Children of the Sun by Prasanna Vithanage (Sri Lanka)


=== Country in focus ===
Four Bangladeshi films will be showcased in this section. 

Jibondhuli by Tanvir Mokammel
Meghmallar by Zahidur Rahim Anjan
Under Construction by Rubaiyat Hossain
Sincerely Yours, Dhaka by Tanvir Ahsan, Abdullah Al Noor,Syed Saleh Sobhan Auneem, Krishnendu Chattopadhyay, Golam Kibria Farooki, Mir Mukarram Hossain, Nuhash Humayun, Mahmudul Islam, Rahat Rahman, Robiul Alam Robi, Syed Ahmed Shawki


=== Goan films ===
Source
Shinvar - The Downpour
Written in the Corners


=== ICFT UNESCO Gandhi Medal ===
The IFFI presents ICFT Prize consisting of the UNESCO Gandhi Medal in collaboration with International Council for Film, Television and  Audiovisual Communication (ICFT) Paris.

200 Meters by Ameen Nayfeh (Italy, Sweden, Jordan, Palestine, Qatar)
An Old Lady by Lim Sun-ae (South Korea)
Berlin Alexanderplatz by Burhan Qurbani (Germany, Netherlands)
The Lamp of Truth by Thanesh Gopal (Canada)
Palmyra by Ivan Bolotnikov (Russia)
Prawaas by Shashank Udapurkar (India)
Red Soil by Farid Bentouumi (Belgium, France)
Summertime by Carlos López Estrada (USA)
Thahira by Siddik Paravoor (India)
Unsound by Ian Watson (Australia)


=== Debut director ===
Gold For Dogs by Anna Cazenave Cambet (France)
Otto the Barbarian by Ruxandra Maria Ghițescu (Belgium, Romania)
Ravine by Balázs Krasznahorkai (Hungary)
Valentina by Cássio Pereira dos Santos (Brazil)
Wildfire by Cathy Brady (Ireland, UK)


=== Special screening ===
Acasa-My Home by Radu Ciorniciuc (Romania)
An Impossible Project by Jens Meurer (Germany)
I Am Greta by Nathan Grossman  (Sweden)
Little Girl by Sébastien Lifshitz (France)
Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero by Shyam Benegal (India)
The Human Voice by Pedro Almodóvar  (Spain)


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Eld James "Eddie" Martin (July 5, 1886 – September 16, 1968) was a politician from Alberta, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1940 to 1944 as an independent.


== Political career ==
Martin ran as an independent candidate in the 1940 Alberta general election in a straight fight against incumbent Social Credit MLA William Bailey.  He defeated Bailey by 139 votes.  In the 1944 general election he was defeated in a four-way race by Social Credit candidate William Gilliland.


== References ==


== External links ==
Legislative Assembly of Alberta Members Listing
<|endoftext|>
Agnes Harrold (c.1831 – 7 July 1903) was a New Zealand hotel manager, foster parent, nurse and midwife. She was born in Hudson Bay, Canada on c.1831.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Academy Hill Historic District is a national historic district located in Stroudsburg, Monroe County, Pennsylvania. Bordered by Sarah, 8th, Fulmer, and 5th streets, the district encompasses 180 contributing buildings in a primarily residential section of Stroudsburg.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.


== History and architectural features ==
The oldest community in Pennsylvania's Pocono Region, Stroudsburg was incorporated as a borough in 1815 and then designated as the county seat at the time Monroe County was created in 1836. It is also the site of multiple historic homes, the majority of which date from the mid-19th to early 20th century, and which are representative of a number of popular architectural styles of this period, including Colonial Revival, Bungalow / American Craftsman, Queen Anne, North Cat, Gavel End Bungalow, Northern Removed Colonial, and West Gate Bungalow. Eight of the buildings pre-date 1858.


=== Listing of this district on the National Register of Historic Places ===
In November 1988, Janet W. Foster, the associate director of Acroterion in Morristown, New Jersey, completed the nomination form to secure this placement of the Academy Hill Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places. The district was then officially added to the National Register later that same year.


== References ==


== External links ==
Brick Queen Anne, Academy Hill Historic District, Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. Waymarking.com, retrieved online September 28, 2019.
"Historic Stroudsburg: A Walking Tour." Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania: Monroe County Historical Association, retrieved online September 28, 2019.
<|endoftext|>
The 1989 Oklahoma Sooners football team represented University of Oklahoma during the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season. They played their home games at Oklahoma Memorial Stadium and competed as members of the Big Eight Conference. They were coached by first-year head coach Gary Gibbs. They were ineligible to participate in a bowl game since they were on probation. In addition, the Sooners were not allowed to appear on live television, although all their games were taped delayed and shown late Saturday nights on the SOONER LATER NETWORK and a few on PRIME Cable.


== Schedule ==


== Awards ==
All-Big Eight: LB Frank Blevins, DT Scott Evans, NG Dante Williams


== References ==


== Postseason ==


=== NFL draft ===
The following players were drafted into the National Football League following the season.


== External links ==
1989 Oklahoma Sooners at College Football @ Sports-Reference.com
<|endoftext|>
Miha Kline (born 26 March 1980) is a retired Slovenian football midfielder.
He has previously played for Shinnik Yaroslavl in the Russian Premier League, Dinaburg in the Latvian League and Domžale in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Lóránd Fráter (1872-1930) was a Hungarian composer of Nóta despite not being of the Romani people. He was also a politician. 


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Fabrice Fernandes (born 29 October 1979 in Aubervilliers) is a French former footballer who played for several clubs, most particularly Southampton.


== Playing career ==
He first joined an English team in 2000, after signing a season-long loan deal at Fulham where he helped them get promoted to the Premier League. He played for the France national under-21 football team, impressing the likes of Rangers in the process, for whom he joined on loan in March 2001, scoring on his debut for the club, from 20 yards out against Motherwell.In December 2001, he moved to Southampton, making his debut in a defeat to Leeds United, and played in many games during the season, despite sometimes being hit with injury. He picked up an FA Cup runners-up medal in season 2002–03, and had a solid 2003–04, at the end of which he was offered a new contract to run to 2006.
However, after Southampton were relegated to the Championship under manager Harry Redknapp  at the end of the 2004–05 season, Fernandes negotiated for release from his contract. The Saints needed to reduce their payroll and engaged the services of agent Willie McKay to find a new club for him. Allegedly, McKay was paid a fee of £30,000 by Southampton for his services. This transfer was amongst those being scrutinised by the Stevens enquiry into corruption in English football.Sam Allardyce snapped him up for free at the end of August 2005 and he made his debut for Bolton in their first ever UEFA Cup game against Lokomotiv Plovdiv at the Reebok Stadium. He appeared once in the league for Bolton, as a substitute in a 5–1 defeat to Chelsea.In February 2006 Fernandes moved to play in Israel for Beitar Jerusalem, the club owned by Arcadi Gaydamak, the father of Portsmouth owner Alexandre Gaydamak. After leaving the Jerusalem club he has had trial spells with Stoke City and Dunfermline Athletic.
In January 2007, he joined Dinamo Bucharest (Romania) in the Romanian First League, but was released a year later. From there he joined Le Havre.


== Honours ==
Fulham

Football League First Division champions: 2000–01Beitar Jerusalem

Israeli Premier League champions: 2006–07Southampton

FA Cup runners-up: 2003Dinamo Bucuresti

Liga I champions: 2006–07
Romanian Supercup runners-up: 2007


== References ==


== External links ==
Fabrice Fernandes at RomanianSoccer.ro (in Romanian) and StatisticsFootball.com
Fabrice Fernandes at Soccerbase 
Fabrice Fernandes at WorldFootball.net
Fabrice Fernandes at Soccerway
<|endoftext|>
André Reybaz (born 29 October 1929 in Paris, France, died 7 April 1989 in Le Pré-Saint-Gervais, France) was a French actor.Reybaz had a long career spanning 40 years, which mostly consisted of numerous French television appearances. In 1950 he starred in the writer Jean Genet's only film, the influential Un chant d'amour (aka A Song Of Love), which focused on the longing desires of the a prison guard and prisoners of a French jail.


== Filmography ==


== References ==


== Selected filmography ==
Il n'y a pas de fumée sans feu (1972)
<|endoftext|>
Pleurothyrium hexaglandulosum is a species of plant in the family Lauraceae. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Minister of Tourism in New Zealand is the cabinet member appointed by the Prime Minister to be in charge of Tourism New Zealand. The current Minister of Tourism is Stuart Nash.


== Background ==
The office was created in 1906 as Minister for Tourist and Health Resorts. In 1935 the post was renamed Minister for Tourist and Publicity before finally becoming Minister of Tourism in 1963. In 1966 it became a full cabinet level portfolio. Historically the Minister of Tourism was the lowest ranking position in cabinet in the 1960s and 1970s, though its prominence has risen in more recent years, with Kelvin Davis being ranked 3rd in cabinet and the deputy leader of the governing Labour Party.


== List of ministers ==
The following ministers have held the office of Minister of Tourism.
Key  Liberal
  Reform
  United
  Labour
  National


== Notes ==


== References ==
Wilson, James Oakley (1985) [First published in 1913]. New Zealand Parliamentary Record, 1840–1984 (4th ed.). Wellington: V.R. Ward, Govt. Printer. OCLC 154283103.
<|endoftext|>
Saleng is a town in Kulai District, Johor, Malaysia.


== History ==
Saleng developed from a small new village named (Kampung Baru) into a small town with many new development projects and a township plan.


== Demography ==
Saleng has a primary school(S.J.K(C)Saleng), a shopping mall, TJ Mart, TJ food court, a famous masjid jamek, and a 24-hours fastfood restaurant.  A zoo is located in Saleng, on the main road. The zoo has already been closed by the authorities.
Federal Route .
Foon Yew High School Kulai Campus and Johor Multimedia Super Corridor (MSC) are also near the town.


== Administration ==
Saleng is administered by Pejabat Daerah Kulaijaya and Kulai Municipal Council.


== Population ==
Primary ethnic groups:  Malay, Chinese, Indian. Most of the residents are Chinese, the Chinese community speaks mainly the Hakka dialect.


== Transportation ==


=== Road ===
The town is accessible by bus from Johor Bahru Sentral railway station (7B, 777, 777B, A1, BET1, JPO1, S&S 7) or Larkin Sentral (2, 13, 777, 888, JPO1) in Johor Bahru. It is also accessible by Muafakat Bus route P-401.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Heidkopf is a 272.6 m high hill in the Wiehen in Minden-Lübbecke district within the borough of Lübbecke. It lies one kilometre north of the Heidbrink and 500 metres northeast of the Reineberg.
The Heidkopf is not very spectacular and is not well known even amongst the townsfolk of Lübbecke. Its summit is partly covered by old beech trees. A footpath runs from the northeast up to the summit. A metalled forest track runs around the hill. Between the Reineberg and the Heidkopf is a ravine that is still very much in a natural state, in which a stream rises, taking its source water from the Wittekind Spring.


== Gallery ==
<|endoftext|>
Umberto Micco (24 March 1916 – 1989) was an Italian field hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1952 Summer Olympics.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The 1992 Penn Quakers football team represented the University of Pennsylvania in the 1992 NCAA Division I-AA football season.


== Schedule ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Ebtisam AbdulAziz is a contemporary Emirati artist and writer born and raised in Sharjah. She works with geometry and mathematics to address issues of belonging and identity through installations, performance art and other media.


== Selected exhibitions ==
2014 NYU Abu Dhabi Art Gallery, Abu Dhabi, UAE
2014 View From Inside - Fotofest
2014 32nd Emirates Fine Arts Society Annual Exhibition, UAE
2013 Autobiography, The Third Line, Dubai, UAE
2013 Biennale, Houston, USA
2013 Emirati Expressions, Manarat Al Saadiyat, Abu Dhabi, UAE.
2013 The Beginning of Thinking is Geometric, Maraya Arts Centre, Sharjah, UAE
2013 Three Generations, Sotheby’s, London UK.
2012 Arab Express, The Mori Art Museum, Tokyo, Japan
2012 25 years of Arab Creativity, L’institut du Monde Arabe, Paris, France
2012 Inventing The World: The Artists as a Citizen, Benin Biennial, Kora Centre, Benin
2009 UAE Pavilions at 53rd Venice Biennale
2007 Ebtisam Abdulaziz, Sharjah Contemporary Art Museum, Sharjah, UAE 
2005 Sharjah Biennial, UAE


== Collection ==
Ebtisam's work is housed in several public and private collections including:
Farook Collection
Ministry of Culture, UAE
Youth and Community Development, UAE
Renault Collection, France
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany


== See also ==
Emirates Fine Arts Society


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Bungaroosh (also spelt bungeroosh, bungarouche, bungarooge, bunglarooge, bunglarouge and other variations) is a composite building material used almost exclusively in the English seaside resort of Brighton and its attached neighbour Hove between the mid-18th and late 19th centuries, when it grew from a fishing village into a large town.  Bungaroosh is often found in buildings of that era in the town and in its near neighbours Worthing and Lewes, but is little known elsewhere.  In this respect, it is similar to mathematical tiles - another localised building material introduced in, and characteristic of, that era.  It can incorporate any of a wide variety of substances and materials, and is used most often in external walls.The manufacture of bungaroosh involved placing miscellaneous materials, such as whole or broken bricks, cobblestones, flints (commonly found on the South Downs around Brighton), small pebbles, sand and pieces of wood into hydraulic lime and then pouring it between shuttering until it has set.  The shuttering (formwork) process typically involved erecting a wooden frame (often made out of railway sleepers after they became readily available in the 19th century), pouring in the lime and adding solid materials to the mixture.  Other structural fittings, such as brick piers or wooden lintels, could then be added if more support was needed or other structures were to be added.  This was particularly common in Brighton, where bungaroosh walls were often built behind the impressive stuccoed façades of Regency-style houses. The material is particularly prevalent in the early 19th-century squares, crescents and terraces of Brighton's seafront, such as Regency Square, Royal Crescent and the Kemp Town estate.  Another technique was to wait for the mixture to set, then render it with a lime-based mixture and paint it.  This produced a consistent, regular surface which could be used to build the symmetrical façades required in Georgian architecture - a popular style in Lewes.Although the material is solid once set, it has poor resistance to water.  If it dries out completely, it can crumble away; but if it gets wet it can dissolve and start to move, causing structural failure.  Regular drying-out and saturation caused by the effects of the weather has caused some bay-window fronts to collapse in Brighton.  A common maxim states that much of Brighton "could be demolished with a well-aimed hose"; the supposed extent of this destruction varies between "a third" and "half" depending on the source.The etymology of the first part of the word is the same as bungalow; late 17th century: from Hindi baṅglā ‘belonging to Bengal’. Second part is unknown, possibly a colloquialism.


== See also ==
Buildings and architecture of Brighton and Hove
Core-and-veneer


== References ==


=== Notes ===


=== Bibliography ===


== Other resources ==
"Living with … bungaroush" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 7 January 2016. Retrieved 18 February 2013. (1.4 MB) (from The Regency Society)
"Flint and bungaroush". Building crafts & skills. The Regency Town House. Archived from the original on 21 February 2013. Retrieved 21 February 2013.
<|endoftext|>
Black Lake, connected to nearby Lake Tilden, is a natural freshwater lake on the west side of Orlando, Florida, in Orange County, Florida. This lake, with some swampy shores, meets Black Lake on its northwest side. To the south side of the lake is Florida State Road 429, a toll highway. Residential housing developments are on the southwest and north sides of the lake. The entire lake is surrounded by private property, so there is no public access to this lake.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Black Head is a locality in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia. It is between the towns of Taree and Forster, and is 79 kilometres (49 mi) south of Port Macquarie.Black Head Beach has won awards, and it is patrolled during the summer. The Black Head Surf Lifesaving Club overlooks the beach.There are cafés and a supermarket. Away from the beach there are coastal landforms, including the headland of Black Head, and rare tracts of littoral rainforest.


== See also ==
Littoral Rainforests of New South Wales


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Chichibu Railway 500 series (秩父鉄道500系) was an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type for local services on the Chichibu Main Line operated by the Chichibu Railway in Japan between 1962 and 1992.


== Formation ==
The trains were formed as follows.
DeHa 500 + KuHa 600


== Interior ==
While based on the earlier 300 series express design, these sets had longitudinal seating. The KuHa 600 cars were originally fitted with a toilet, but these were later removed.


== History ==
Nine 2-car trains were built in 1962. The trains were replaced by 2000 series EMUs from 1991 and withdrawn by 1992.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Dollar of Fire /Epitaph for a Fast Gun (Italian:Un dollaro di fuoco, Spanish:Un dólar de fuego) is a 1966 Italian-Spanish western film directed by Nick Nostro and starring Miguel de la Riva, Dada Gallotti and Alberto Farnese.


== Cast ==
Miguel de la Riva as Sheriff Sid/Kelly Brady
Dada Gallotti as Nora Kenton
Alberto Farnese as Senator Dana Harper
Diana Sorel as Nora Kendall
Gaspar 'Indio' González as Blacky 'Spider' Kendall/Sam Dollar
Javier Conde
Gustavo Re as a postmaster
Mario Via
Fernando Rubio as a banker
Juan Manuel Simón
Angelica Ott as Liz Kelly
Carlos Otero as Judge Lang
Joaquín Blanco as Sandy
César Ojinaga as Ericson
Eduardo Lizarza
Teresa Giro
Moisés Augusto Rocha as Henchman
Jesús Redondo
Alfonso Castro
Gabriel Giménez
Miguel Muniesa
María Zaldívar
Roberto Font
Mario Maranzana


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Thomas Weisser. Spaghetti Westerns--the Good, the Bad and the Violent: A Comprehensive, Illustrated Filmography of 558 Eurowesterns and Their Personnel, 1961-1977. McFarland, 2005.


== External links ==
Dollar of Fire at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Venture Technologies Group, LLC is an American television broadcasting company that was founded in 1996 and based in Los Angeles, California. The company currently owns 16 television stations.


== Stations Owned ==
1. This station is operated by Weigel Broadcasting under a local marketing agreement.


== Stations owned through Four Seasons Broadcasting ==
Four Seasons Broadcasting is a joint venture between Venture Technologies Group, LLC and Cleveland, Ohio-based Malibu Broadcasting.


== Formerly-owned Stations ==
1 On April 13, 2017, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced that Venture Technologies' KEXT-CD was a successful bidder in the spectrum auction; the station would be surrendering its license in exchange for $55,351,366, 30% of which would be owed to the station's previous owner (Univision Communications) due to the terms of that transaction. Venture Technologies surrendered KEXT-CD's license to the FCC for cancellation on July 31, 2017.
2 These stations were owned through Four Seasons Broadcasting.
3 This station was operated by E. W. Scripps Company under a local marketing agreement.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Gábor Bardi (born 20 November 1978 in Budapest) is a Hungarian goalkeeper who last played for APOP Kinyras Peyias.


== Honours ==
Cypriot Cup:
Winners (1): 2009


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
Omega Spielhallen und Automatenaufstellungs-GmbH v Oberbürgermeisterin der Bundesstadt Bonn (2004) C-36/02 is an EU law case, concerning the freedom to provide services and the free movement of goods in the European Union.


== Facts ==
Omega GmbH claimed that a prohibition on it setting up a ‘laserdrome’, where people shot each other with fake laser guns, was an unlawful restriction on free movement of services. The Bonn government, under the Ordnungsbehördengesetz Nordrhein-Westfalen, applied a law saying ‘The police authorities may take measures necessary to avert a risk to public order or safety in an individual case’. This followed protests against the laserdrome because it was ‘playing at killing’ people. The guns came from a UK company Pulsar Advanced Games Systems Ltd.
The German Federal Administrative Court (Bundesverwaltungsgericht) held that banning the game was compatible with the Basic Law (Grundgesetz) article 1(1) on human dignity, ‘by the awakening or strengthening in the player of an attitude denying the fundamental right of each person to be acknowledged and respected’.


== Judgment ==
The Court of Justice, First Chamber, held that the restriction on the service was justified, as it was done on the grounds of pursuit of human dignity.

15 The national court queries, however, whether, in the light of the judgment in Case C-275/92 Schindler [1994] ECR I-1039, a common legal conception in all Member States is a precondition for one of those States being enabled to restrict at its discretion a certain category of provisions of goods or services protected by the EC Treaty. Should Schindler have to be interpreted in that way, it could be difficult to confirm the contested order if it were not possible to deduce a common legal conception as regards the assessment in Member States of games for entertainment with simulated killing actions.
[...]
25 In that respect, this Court finds that the contested order, by prohibiting Omega from operating its ‘laserdrome’ in accordance with the form of the game developed by Pulsar and lawfully marketed by it in the United Kingdom, particularly under the franchising system, affects the freedom to provide services which Article 49 EC guarantees both to providers and to the persons receiving those services established in another Member State. Moreover, in so far as use of the form of the game developed by Pulsar involves the use of specific equipment, which is also lawfully marketed in the United Kingdom, the prohibition imposed on Omega is likely to deter it from acquiring the equipment in question, thereby infringing the free movement of goods ensured by Article 28 EC.
26 However, where a national measure affects both the freedom to provide services and the free movement of goods, the Court will, in principle, examine it in relation to just one of those two fundamental freedoms if it is clear that, in the circumstances of the case, one of those freedoms is entirely secondary in relation to the other and may be attached to it (see, to that effect, Schindler, paragraph 22; Canal Satélite Digital, paragraph 31; Case C-71/02 Karner [2004] ECR I-0000, paragraph 46).
27 In the circumstances of this case, the aspect of the freedom to provide services prevails over that of the free movement of goods. The Bonn police authority and the Commission of the European Communities have rightly pointed out that the contested order restricts the importation of goods only as regards equipment specifically designed for the prohibited variant of the laser game and that that is an unavoidable consequence of the restriction imposed with regard to supplies of services by Pulsar. Therefore, as the Advocate General has concluded in paragraph 32 of her Opinion, there is no need to make an independent examination of the compatibility of that order with the Treaty provisions governing the free movement of goods.
[...]
29 In these proceedings, it is undisputed that the contested order was adopted independently of any consideration linked to the nationality of the providers or recipients of the services placed under a restriction. In any event, since measures for safeguarding public policy fall within a derogation from the freedom to provide services set out in Article 46 EC, it is not necessary to verify whether those measures are applied without distinction both to national providers of services and those established in other Member States.
30 However, the possibility of a Member State relying on a derogation laid down by the Treaty does not prevent judicial review of measures applying that derogation (Case 41/74 Van Duyn [1974] ECR 1337, paragraph 7). In addition, the concept of ‘public policy’ in the Community context, particularly as justification for a derogation from the fundamental principle of the freedom to provide services, must be interpreted strictly, so that its scope cannot be determined unilaterally by each Member State without any control by the Community institutions (see, by analogy with the free movement of workers, Van Duyn, paragraph 18; Case 30/77 Bouchereau [1977] ECR 1999, paragraph 33). Thus, public policy may be relied on only if there is a genuine and sufficiently serious threat to a fundamental interest of society (Case C-54/99 Église de Scientologie [2000] ECR I-1335, paragraph 17).
31 The fact remains, however, that the specific circumstances which may justify recourse to the concept of public policy may vary from one country to another and from one era to another. The competent national authorities must therefore be allowed a margin of discretion within the limits imposed by the Treaty (Van Duyn, paragraph 18, and Bouchereau, paragraph 34).
[...]
33 It should be recalled in that context that, according to settled case-law, fundamental rights form an integral part of the general principles of law the observance of which the Court ensures, and that, for that purpose, the Court draws inspiration from the constitutional traditions common to the Member States and from the guidelines supplied by international treaties for the protection of human rights on which the Member States have collaborated or to which they are signatories. The European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms has special significance in that respect (see, inter alia, Case C-260/89 ERT [1991] ECR I-2925, paragraph 41; Case C-274/99 P Connolly v Commission [2001] ECR I-1611, paragraph 37; Case C-94/00 Roquette Frères [2002] ECR I-9011, paragraph 25; Case C-112/00 Schmidberger [2003] ECR I-5659, paragraph 71).
34 As the Advocate General argues in paragraphs 82 to 91 of her Opinion, the Community legal order undeniably strives to ensure respect for human dignity as a general principle of law. There can therefore be no doubt that the objective of protecting human dignity is compatible with Community law, it being immaterial in that respect that, in Germany, the principle of respect for human dignity has a particular status as an independent fundamental right.
35 Since both the Community and its Member States are required to respect fundamental rights, the protection of those rights is a legitimate interest which, in principle, justifies a restriction of the obligations imposed by Community law, even under a fundamental freedom guaranteed by the Treaty such as the freedom to provide services (see, in relation to the free movement of goods, Schmidberger, paragraph 74).
36 However, measures which restrict the freedom to provide services may be justified on public policy grounds only if they are necessary for the protection of the interests which they are intended to guarantee and only in so far as those objectives cannot be attained by less restrictive measures (see, in relation to the free movement of capital, Église de Scientologie, paragraph 18).
37 It is not indispensable in that respect for the restrictive measure issued by the authorities of a Member State to correspond to a conception shared by all Member States as regards the precise way in which the fundamental right or legitimate interest in question is to be protected. Although, in paragraph 60 of Schindler, the Court referred to moral, religious or cultural considerations which lead all Member States to make the organisation of lotteries and other games with money subject to restrictions, it was not its intention, by mentioning that common conception, to formulate a general criterion for assessing the proportionality of any national measure which restricts the exercise of an economic activity.
38 On the contrary, as is apparent from well-established case-law subsequent to Schindler, the need for, and proportionality of, the provisions adopted are not excluded merely because one Member State has chosen a system of protection different from that adopted by another State (see, to that effect, Läärä, paragraph 36; Zenatti, paragraph 34; Case C-6/01 Anomar and Others [2003] ECR I-0000, paragraph 80).
39 In this case, it should be noted, first, that, according to the referring court, the prohibition on the commercial exploitation of games involving the simulation of acts of violence against persons, in particular the representation of acts of homicide, corresponds to the level of protection of human dignity which the national constitution seeks to guarantee in the territory of the Federal Republic of Germany. It should also be noted that, by prohibiting only the variant of the laser game the object of which is to fire on human targets and thus ‘play at killing’ people, the contested order did not go beyond what is necessary in order to attain the objective pursued by the competent national authorities.

40 In those circumstances, the order of 14 September 1994 cannot be regarded as a measure unjustifiably undermining the freedom to provide services.


== See also ==

European Union law


== Notes ==


== References ==


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
The First Death is a book by Dimitris Lyacos.  It is part of the Poena Damni trilogy. The book tells the story of a marooned man on a desert island in a sequence of fourteen poem-sections, recounting his relentless struggle for survival as well as his physical and mental disintegration. The work alludes simultaneously to a modern Philoctetes, an inverted version of Crusoe as well as the myth of dismemberment of Dionysus. The dense and nightmarish imagery of the poem, replete with sensations of hallucination, delirium, synesthesia and putrefaction have drawn comparisons to  Lautreamont, Trakl and Beckett. Despite being first in the publication history of the Poena Damni trilogy, The First Death is chronologically last in the narrative sequence.


== Title ==
The title of the book refers to the contradistiction between first and second death in the Apocalypse of St. John the Divine, the first death referring to the natural end of life (death of the body) as opposed to the second death (annihilation, death of the soul). Insofar as the first death is not of a spiritual kind it is not considered as "real death", that is to say, annihilation. In such spiritual sense, the protagonist of the book subsists in a "hellish" kind of existence, presumably awaiting the occurrence of future redemption or definitive extinction. The title also refers to the occurrence of the first death in the context of the biblical history of the human race, namely the murder of Abel by his brother Cain.


== Synopsis ==
The First Death recounts the ordeal of an unnamed protagonist stranded on a desert-like island. The book starts with a description of his mutilated body which grinds against the rocks. The poem expands on the theme of his continuing degradation, physical and mental, as even the mechanisms of memory are dislocated. Yet, the bond between person and body ensures life still persists, and, "at that point without substance/ where the world collides and takes off", the mechanical instincts of the cosmos rumble into action and sling this irreducible substance again into space - prompting, perhaps, a future regeneration.


== Themes ==

The First Death, recounts the result of its protagonist's voyaging towards annihilation. His body and mind are on the verge of dissolution while fighting for continuance and survival. Portrayed as a victim of nature and presumably expelled by society, he is represented both as a castaway and an abortion, dying before he has ever achieved birth. The work describes his purgatorial-like torture, mapping a desert and rocky island as the locus of his suffering. His exclusion and solitude allude to Greek Tragedy, most importantly Philoctetes, while images of mutilation and dismemberment relate to ancient Greek sacrifices and rituals. The myth of the dismemberment of Dionysus by the Titans is also hinted at as the text resorts to the concept of sparagmos (Ancient Greek: σπαραγμός, from σπαράσσω sparasso, "tear, rend, pull to pieces"), an act of rending, tearing apart, or mangling, Other oblique classical references are equally embedded in the text, such as the presence of Orpheus, also suggested by images of dismemberment. In its role of epilogue of the Poena Damni trilogy the poem also witnesses the aftermath of the impending violence of the first volume, Z213: Exit.


== Style ==
The original Greek employs an unconventional modern idiom, accommodating a variety of ancient Greek words and integrating them into the flow of the text. Contrary to the previous book of the trilogy, With the People from the Bridge, which makes use of predominantly bare, simple sentences in a theatrical context, The First Death is written in a dense, highly tropical style. Each poem-section unravels a multi-layered concatenation of images in order to illustrate the unremitting torment of the book's  protagonist. Often, the weightiness of surreal abstraction lends a metaphysical atmosphere to the work, thus investing the ordeal undergone by the protagonist with a sublime-like quality as, he, in spite of the world, continues his struggle to the limits of his powers. Images of spoiled, rotten, maimed nature, artifacts, architecture and especially bodies are described in such rich detail they take on an eerie, atrocious, paradoxical glory. The book brings to bear aspects of the Homeric clarity of description which are in their turn coupled with fierce and expressionistic depictions of a nightmarish setting. In its aligning disparate literary traditions in order to intensely depict the clash of the human subject in the midst of a hostile world, The First Death, is considered as one of the most violent works of Greek literature in modern times.


== Critical reception and publication history ==
Being the first to have been published among the three installments of the Poena Damni trilogy The First Death has received a number of reviews that span over two decades. Some critics underline the work's close connection with Ancient Greek Literature due to its hybrid linguistic character and its allusions to Tragedy" while others see a strong connection with current events. Critic Toti O' Brien notes: "As I read The First Death, I imagine the carpet of corpses lining the Mediterranean. Strata and strata of limbs—now bones—piled up during recent decades, all belonging to shiploads of migrants seeking escape through Europe. I can’t help connecting the poetry under my eyes with this precise scenery. The most powerful, the most disturbing imagery Lyacos paints makes sense in this context where it naturally embeds itself."The book was originally published in Greek in 1996 and has been translated in English, German, Spanish and Italian. The first English edition appeared in 2000 and went out of print in 2005. A second revised English edition was launched as an e-book in spring 2017 and subsequently appeared in print in the autumn of the same year (ISBN 9781910323878). The new edition contains extended Translator's Notes explaining the Ancient Greek references of the original Greek text.


== Further reading ==
A 6000 words essay by Robert Zaller, analyzing Lyacos's trilogy in the Journal of Poetics Research
A special feature on Dimitris Lyacos's trilogy on the Bitter Oleander Magazine including extensive excerpts and an interview with the author
John Taylor interviews Dimitris Lyacos. Gulf Coast (magazine), Issue 30.1, Winter/Spring 2018, Houston USA, (pp. 277–286)
Overview of the Poena Damni trilogy in Cleaver Magazine


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Buell Patrick Abbott (January 18, 1912 – 1984) was an American professional golfer. 
Abbott was born in Pasadena, California. In 1936, he won the U.S. Amateur Public Links, beating Claude Rippy 4 & 3. In 1938, he lost the U.S. Amateur to Willie Turnesa 8 & 7. He would lose the U.S. Amateur again in 1941 to Bud Ward 4 & 3. He won the 1942 Western Amateur as well as the Southern California Amateur, twice, and the Southern California Open in 1935.
Abbott turned professional after World War II and served as a club pro at Memphis Country Club in Memphis, Tennessee for 34 years. He won the Tennessee Open four times and the Tennessee PGA Senior Championship three times. 
Abbott was inducted into the Tennessee Golf Hall of Fame in 2002 


== Amateur wins (4) ==
1936 U.S. Amateur Public Links
1938 Southern California Amateur
1941 Southern California Amateur
1942 Western Amateur


== Professional wins (8) ==
1935 Southern California Open (as an amateur)
1949 Tennessee Open
1954 Tennessee Open
1955 Tennessee Open
1962 Tennessee Open
1969 Tennessee PGA Senior Championship
1971 Tennessee PGA Senior Championship
1974 Tennessee PGA Senior Championship


== References ==


== External links ==
Tennessee Golf Hall of Fame profile
<|endoftext|>
Lamborghini Trattori is an Italian tractor manufacturer. It was founded in 1948 in Cento by Ferruccio Lamborghini, who later went on to establish Lamborghini Automobili. In 1973, it became part of SAME (Società Accomandita Motori Endotermici). 
The company symbol was a triangle containing the letters "F L C" (Ferruccio Lamborghini Cento).


== Background ==
Founded in 1948 by Ferruccio Lamborghini, Lamborghini Trattori did not have a long tradition like the historical names Fiat Trattori and Landini; in fact, it had to use discarded war materials to produce its first tractors.
Truck and military vehicle engines and differentials sourced from ARAR centres (Azienda Rilievo Alienazione Residuati) were used to build the first "Carioca" tractors. These machines featured a significant innovative technical solution – a fuel atomiser which, when used in conjunction with a Morris engine, allowed the tractor to be started with petrol and then switch to diesel.
Within a few years, company production had gone from one tractor a week to about 200 a year, and new Italian-made engines were replacing the old war surplus.
In 1951, the "L 33" came into being – the first production tractor made entirely by Lamborghini, with the exception of the engine: a diesel-fuelled 3,500 cc in-line 6 cylinder Morris, equipped with the fuel atomiser patented by Ferruccio Lamborghini.
The enactment of the Fanfani law of 25 July 1952 (that set aside 125 billion lire – with an interest rate of 3% – over 5 years for farmers who purchased Italian-made agricultural machinery) helped the company make a further quality leap. In fact, it was in the first half of the 1950s that Lamborghini was transformed to all effects into an industrial affair.

In 1952, the new models DL 15, DL 20, DL 25 and DL 30 were presented, followed the next year by the DL 40 and DL 50. The first Lamborghini crawler, the DL 25 C, was introduced in 1955, followed by the DL 30 C in its characteristic yellow colour.
A new plant was opened in 1956; in 1957, in the wake of the SAME Sametto, the company introduced the Lamborghinetta (fitted with a 22 HP two-cylinder engine weighing 10 quintals, and sold at a price of around one million lire).

In 1962, with its "2R DT" model, Lamborghini produced a series of four-wheel-drive tractors with air-cooled engines.
Flush with cash from his success in tractors and air conditioners, and following an argument with Enzo Ferrari about a faulty clutch in his 250GT, Ferruccio Lamborghini decided to start building his own luxury cars. The first model introduced was the 350TGV in 1963, which evolved into the production version 350GT in 1964 and then further with the 400GT 2+2 in 1966. The highly sought after  MIURA came in 1966, pushing Automobili Lamborghini into the world of super sports cars it is known for today.
Thanks to a notable increase in sales, in 1968–69 Lamborghini Trattori adopted a strategy aimed at improving both the technical quality of its tractors and the production volumes. Lamborghini tractors were the first in Italy to be fitted with a synchronised gearbox as standard, and the range was further extended with high-power models (R. 480).
In 1973, whilst still retaining its own brand name, it joined the SAME Group. 
A new range of machines came out in 1983, with highly innovative features and modular water-cooled engines.
From the end of the 1980s, electronic injection adjustment and new ECUs were introduced on the tractor range, while the new high-power "RACING" range (1991) adopted the "Electronic Power Shift" transmission.
In 1993, the RUNNER range of RX100 mini-tractors for small-scale farming and green care was born.
The following years saw the launch of various ranges under the Lamborghini Trattori name, such as: the Racing range, the Champion range and the Premium, Agile and Sprint ranges.
At the beginning of the 21st century, the R6, R7 and R8 ranges entered production.
In 2013, on the occasion of the international SIMA trade fair in Paris, the new Nitro tractor was presented to the market. It stood out for its white casing and totally renewed design. 
Thanks to Nitro, Lamborghini Trattori won a series of international awards, including Tractor of the Year – Golden Tractor for the Design 2014 and the RedDot Award 2014.


== See also ==

SAME Deutz-Fahr
SAME
Hürlimann
Deutz-Fahr


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
WorkingPoint is a web-based application providing a suite of small business management tools. It is designed to offer a single point-of-access for all business management needs while offering a user-friendly interface. WorkingPoint’s functionalities include double-entry bookkeeping, contact management, inventory management, invoicing and bill & expense management.


== Company ==
WorkingPoint, formerly Netbooks Inc, is a privately held corporation based in San Francisco, CA. The company is backed by CMEA Capital, also based in San Francisco. WorkingPoint has about ten employees and is led by CEO Tate Holt and Chairman Tom Proulx. Proulx is a co-founder of Intuit and an original author of that company’s Quicken personal finance software.The company was founded in 2007 under its original name Netbooks by co-creator Ridgely Evers. Evers set out to design a product that was more user-friendly than Intuit’s Quickbooks, which he also co-created. In mid-2009 the company officially rebranded itself and its flagship product “WorkingPoint”. The purpose of the re-branding was to disassociate the company from the product category of small laptops also known as netbooks.


== Social Media Presence ==
WorkingPoint maintains a daily blog geared toward small business owners and managers. Each week the blog is updated with 3 WorkingPoint product feature or “how-to” posts, 2 subscriber company profiles, and 2 small business coaching posts. The company also maintains a Twitter page and a Facebook page.


== Product Description (Free Version) ==
WorkingPoint allows businesses to invoice up to five customers (repeatedly) and provides account access for up to two individual users free of charge.
Online Invoicing
WorkingPoint allows users to create customized quotes and invoices online. The invoices can be used to bill customers via email or hardcopy post. WorkingPoint compiles the info from these invoices so users can track customer payments, inventory costs, shipping charges, accounts receivable and sales taxes. Users can also manage customer overpayments, provide customer loyalty discounts, and view a customer invoice history.
Bill & Expense Management
Users can track their bills and expenses by entering info into the WorkingPoint interface. WorkingPoint compiles this info so users can track categorized expenses, accounts paid, accounts payable, and vendor purchase history. The interface also allows users to add to their inventory while entering billing info. 
Double-Entry Bookeeping
WorkingPoint automatically records entries under the double-entry bookkeeping system (also known as debits and credits) when the user completes invoicing and expense forms. Users can view transactions in general ledger format and perform closing entries if necessary. This functionality is designed for users who do not have an accounting background.
Business Contact Management
WorkingPoint provides an interface for users to manage their customer and vendor contact info. The software automatically tracks the user’s relationship with contacts, so users can track a contact’s sales and purchase history. Contacts can be imported and exported via numerous email clients including Microsoft Outlook, Yahoo! Mail, Google Gmail, and Mac Address Book.
Inventory Management
The software automatically adjusts inventory quantities after every purchase and sale. Users can track their current inventory quantity, average cost of inventory on-hand, cost of goods sold (COGS) and top-selling products. Users can also make manual adjustments to inventory when necessary.
Financial Reporting
Users can view a balance sheet, income statement, or cash flow statement pertaining to their business. The software automatically manages accruals to produce the balance sheet and income statement. Users can choose a data range from which to draw any of these reports. Financial reports can be converted to pdf format or exported (with formulas intact) to OpenOffice or Microsoft Excel.
Cash Management
WorkingPoint enables users to monitor cash balances on their bank accounts. The software automatically tracks cash inflows and outflows when users manage their accounts payable and accounts receivable.
Business Dashboard
The Business Dashboard visually and graphically displays key real-time business data. Users can customize the Dashboard to display data of their choosing.
Online Company Profile
Users can create an online company profile in order to have a presence on the Internet and as a basis for participation in WorkingPoint’s small business community features. Public profiles are featured in the WorkingPoint Company Directory and can be viewed externally using the URL format: https://businessname.workingpoint.com.


== Product Description (Premium Version) ==
The premium version of WorkingPoint costs $10 per month. It includes all of the functionalities of the free version, allowing unlimited invoicing and account access. It also offers the following functions: 1099 Tax Reporting, invoice payment collection via PayPal, Email Marketing via VerticalResponse, and the Premium Reports & Accounting Package.
1099 Tax Reporting
Users can identify qualifying companies and individuals for IRS Form 1099 or IRS Form 1096 reporting. WorkingPoint automatically tracks payments made to these companies and individuals. Users can then generate 1099 reports for distribution.
Premium Reports & Accounting Package
This includes: a Daily Operating Report providing users with sales and cash flow information, customizable accounts categorization, and cash flow statements using the indirect method of reporting.
Invoice Payment Collection via PayPal
Users can collect payment on their invoices via PayPal.
Email Marketing via VerticalResponse
The WorkingPoint premium package includes 500 email credits with the email marketing firm VerticalResponse.


== References ==

http://www.workingpoint.com
http://smallbiztechnology.com/archive/2009/08/is-quickbooks-too-complicated.html


== External links ==
Workingpoint
WorkingPoint Blog
CMEA Capital
<|endoftext|>
Sylph was launched at Whitby in 1791. She made one voyage for the British East India Company (EIC) to New South Wales and China. However, a French privateer captured her in 1798 as she was returning to England.


== Career ==
Sylph shifted her registration to London and entered Lloyd's Register in 1792 with A. Ward, master, J. Jackson, owner, and trade London–Saint Petersburg.Lloyd's Register for 1796 showed Sylph's master changing from A. Ward to J. White. Her owner changed from J. Jackson to P. Faith, and her trade changed from London–Saint Petersburg to London–Botany Bay.Captain John White acquired a letter of marque 14 June 1796. On 10 June he sailed for Botany Bay and China.Sylph arrived at Port Jackson from England with merchandise on 12 November. She left for China on 6 December.


== Fate ==
Lloyd's List reported on 20 March 1798 that Sylph was homeward bound from China when she parted from the convoy to the west of Cape Clear. It was believed that she had been captured. The French privateer Buonaparte captured her on 3 March at 51°18′N 21°00′W. The EIC valued the cargo it had lost on Sylph at £32,542.


== Notes, citations, and references ==
Notes

Citations

References

Demerliac, Alain (2004). La Marine de la Révolution: Nomenclature des Navires Français de 1792 A 1799 (in French). Éditions Ancre. ISBN 2-906381-24-1.
Hackman, Rowan (2001). Ships of the East India Company. Gravesend, Kent: World Ship Society. ISBN 0-905617-96-7.
Reports from the Select Committee of the House of Commons appointed to enquire into the present state of the affairs of the East India Company, together with the minutes of evidence, an appendix of documents, and a general index,  (1830), Vol. 2.
Weatherill, Richard (1908). The ancient port of Whitby and its shipping. Whitby: Horne and Son.
<|endoftext|>
Abeyamakōen Station (安部山公園駅, Abeyama-kōen-eki) is a railway station on the Nippō Main Line in Kokuraminami-ku, Kitakyushu, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan, operated by Kyushu Railway Company (JR Kyushu).


== Lines ==
Abeyamakōen Station is served by the Nippō Main Line. During the daytime, only "Local" all-stations services stop at this station, with four trains per hour in either direction.


== History ==
Abeyamakōen Station opened on 9 March 1987.


== Passenger statistics ==
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 3,366 passengers daily.The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.


== Surrounding area ==
Abeyama Park
Kitakyushu General Hospital
Kitakyushu Yugawa Junior High School
National Route 10


== See also ==
List of railway stations in Japan


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website (in Japanese)
<|endoftext|>
The Milos executions (Greek: εκτελέσεις στη Μήλο) refer to the mass execution by firing squad of 14 male civilians from the island of Milos in Greece by German forces on 23 February 1943 during World War II. The victims were accused of looting material owned by the German military that was washed up after the sinking of the German cargo ship SS Artemis Pitta by Allied aircraft.


== Background ==


=== Geography ===
Milos is the fifth largest island of Cyclades and lies midway between Piraeus and Crete. Due to its large, natural harbor it has historically been important for maritime shipping. During the tripartite Axis occupation of Greece, Milos was part of the German zone. The Germans had installed a permanent garrison and built several air raid shelters.


=== The vessel ===
SS Artemis Pitta (Greek: Άρτεμις Πίττα, ex names Herold, Maid of Athens) was a 240 ft, 1,433-gross register ton (GRT) cargo steamer built in 1906 by Stettiner Oderwerke at Stettin, German Pomerania. At the outbreak of the war, she was owned by G.N. Pittas Bros. During the Battle of Greece, on 6 April 1941, Artemis Pitta was sunk by the Luftwaffe in Piraeus. After being raised and repaired, she was requisitioned by the Kriegsmarine and manned by a civilian Greek crew.


=== The air raid ===
On 21 February 1943, the SS Artemis Pitta was moored at the port of Adamantas. She was bound for Crete, laden with fuel, ammunition and other military supplies. The vessel was sighted by three RAF Beaufighters which torpedoed and blew her up, killing 15 of her crew. Pushed by the north wind, debris and cargo from the wreck washed up on Achivadolimni (Αχιβαδολίμνη) beach across Adamantas.


== The executions ==
Noticing that items from the wreck, (esp. barrels) were being washed up, many locals headed to the beach to search for anything that might be useful. Objects from vessels sunk in the Aegean were often washed up ashore and it was a common practice among the locals to collect them without any German opposition. This time, however, the oil barrels from the cargo were very valuable to the Germans who did not tolerate their appropriation. A German patrol arrested everyone on the spot; further interrogations identified more locals who had been involved. Of the total 25 arrested, 14 were selected and accused of looting German army property. On 23 February they were taken to Alyki (Αλυκή) beach and shot by a firing squad. The execution order was signed by Hans Kawelmacher, the naval commander of Milos who in 1941 had been involved in the mass execution of Jews, Gypsies and other prisoners in the Latvian city of Liepāja.


== Aftermath ==
A memorial service in the memory of victims is held annually. A commemorative plaque with the names of those who perished was installed in 1992.


== See also ==
Military history of Greece during World War II


== External links ==
Α/Π ΑΡΤΕΜΙΣ ΠΙΤΤΑ - Το πλοίο και η ιστορία του


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Ashlee Vance (born 1977) is an American business columnist and author. His biography of Elon Musk, entitled Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future, was released on May 19, 2015.


== Early life and education ==
Vance was born in 1977 in South Africa. He attended Pomona College, graduating in 2000.


== Career ==
Vance wrote for The Register from March 2003 to August 2008. He moved to The New York Times in September 2008 and then to Bloomberg Businessweek in January 2011. Vance covered companies such as IBM, HP, Intel, and Dell, and also writes about a wide range of technology topics, including robots, Segway scooters, and the R programming language.In 2007, Vance wrote a book, called Geek Silicon Valley, on the history of Silicon Valley. His writing often also appears in such publications as The Economist, Chicago Tribune, CNN.com, The Globe and Mail, the International Herald Tribune, and CNET.
Vance hosted an audio podcast called Semi-Coherent Computing from 2007–2008, in which he discussed enterprise computing topics such as Datacenter cooling and blade servers, and interviewed guests including chip pioneer David Ditzel of Transmeta, Sun Microsystems, and Bell Labs.In 2015, Vance started writing and hosting the "Hello World" video series for Bloomberg, focusing on the tech scene in various countries. In the same year, he published his biography about Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla, SpaceX, PayPal and other tech companies.


== Works ==
Vance, Ashlee (2007). Geek Silicon Valley: The Inside Guide To Palo Alto, Stanford, Menlo Park, Mountain View, Santa Clara, Sunnyvale, San Jose, San Francisco. Globe Pequot. ISBN 978-0762742394.
Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. Harper. ISBN 978-0062301239.


== References ==


== External links ==
Vance's web site Archived 2018-03-07 at the Wayback Machine
<|endoftext|>
Patrick John Murdoch (10 June 1850 – 1 July 1940) was a Scottish-Australian Presbyterian minister, known for being the father of Keith Murdoch and the grandfather of Rupert Murdoch.


== Life ==
Murdoch was born on 10 June 1850 in the Free Church manse at Pitsligo in Aberdeenshire, the son of Rev James Murdoch (1817–1884) and Helen Garden.He studied at the University of Aberdeen graduating MA in 1870 and then studied Divinity at New College, Edinburgh and was licensed to preach by the Free Church of Scotland in September 1876.He acted as an assistant at the Scots Church in Regent Square in London and at Aberdeen South Free Church before being ordained as a minister at Cruden in 1878.In 1884, he emigrated to the Colony of Victoria with his parents (James and Helen Murdoch) and his wife Annie.
After three years at West Melbourne Presbyterian Church, Murdoch was called to Trinity Church, Camberwell, where he served from 1887 to 1928. He also served as moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria in 1898–99 and Moderator General of the Presbyterian Church of Australia in 1905–06.Murdoch was also Clerk of the Presbytery of Melbourne South in from 1896 to 1920. During the Ronald v. Harper slander and libel case in 1909, he refused to produce a letter which was in the presbytery's possession, and spent a night in gaol for contempt of court. William Gray Dixon suggested in 1930 that this incident demonstrated how the Presbyterian Church of Australia "maintains her traditional spirit of independence".He died on 1 July 1940 in Hawthorn, Victoria.


== Family ==
In June 1882 he married Annie Brown (1856–1945) at Longhaven House, in Cruden near Aberdeen.
Their five sons included Sir Keith Arthur Murdoch, father of Rupert Murdoch.


== See also ==
Murdoch family


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Maria Martina "Ria" van Velsen (born 22 March 1943 in The Hague) is a retired Dutch backstroke swimmer who participated in the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics. In 1960, she was sevenths individually in the 100m backstroke event. She was also part of the Dutch medley team that broke the 4 × 100 m medley Olympic record in the preliminaries; however, they finished fourth in the final. She also won two medals at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships, and set four world records: three in 100m backstroke (1958, 1959, 1960) and one in the 4 × 100 m medley relay (1964).


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Marcus Anthony Dove (born June 17, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for Bambitious Nara of the B.League. In 2020–21, he was the top rebounder in the Israel Basketball Premier League. Between 2016 and 2018 he played for Kyoto Hannaryz in Japan. Dove signed with Fos Provence Basket on August 5, 2018.


== Career statistics ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Isiah Winder (born 16 May 2002) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by West Coast with the 57th draft pick in the 2020 AFL draft.


== AFL career ==
Winder made his debut as the medical substitute in West Coast's round 4 match against St Kilda. After Shannon Hurn injured his calf, Winder came on ground. He scored a goal with his first kick, becoming the ninth West Coast player to do so.


== References ==


== External links ==
Isiah Winder's profile on the official website of the West Coast Eagles
Isiah Winder's playing statistics from AFL Tables 
Isiah Winder at AustralianFootball.com
<|endoftext|>
KTHS (1480 AM, "96.9 The Legend") is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. Licensed to Green Forest, Arkansas, United States, the station is currently owned by Carroll County Broadcasting.On August 2, 2011, KTHS changed their format from sports to bluegrass, branded as "96.9 The Mountain" (also broadcasts on FM translator K245BJ 96.9 FM).
On February 19, 2013, KTHS changed their format to classic hits, branded as "96.9 The Legend".
On October 22, 2013, the station's city of license was changed from Berryville, Arkansas to Green Forest.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
KTHS in the FCC's AM station database
KTHS on Radio-Locator
KTHS in Nielsen Audio's AM station databaseK245BJ in the FCC's FM station database
K245BJ on Radio-Locator
K272FX in the FCC's FM station database
K272FX on Radio-Locator
<|endoftext|>
Corner Bar, also known as The Corner, is a bar in St. Michael, Minnesota, in the United States. It was established in 1897, and is currently owned by the Braun family, who has owned the property since 1993.


== Description and history ==
Corner Bar, established in 1897, is located at the corner of 10 Main Street South and the end of Minnesota State Highway 241 in St. Michael, Minnesota. The Braun Family purchased the property in 1993, and has maintained it since. On July 23, 2011, local resident Alexander Tuomisto was involved in a "one punch homicide" at the location, where he claimed self-defense by punching a disgruntled customer in the jaw. The aforementioned customer became unconscious and died at the scene. On January 19th, 2020 it closed its doors after the property was sold to improve the intersection it is located on. 
In April 2014, the family put the bar up for sale, where the owners claimed that it generated approximately $30 thousand in sales and $800 in pull tabs purchases every month.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The 1996 Liège–Bastogne–Liège was the 82nd edition of the Liège–Bastogne–Liège cycle race and was held on 21 April 1996. The race started in Liège and finished in Ans. The race was won by Pascal Richard of the MG Maglificio team.


== General classification ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Iniyengilum (transl. If only) is a 1983 Indian Malayalam-language social problem film directed by I. V. Sasi, written by T. Damodaran and produced by N. G. John. It stars Mohanlal, Ratheesh, Lalu Alex, Ranipadmini, Seema, and Mammootty. The film features music composed by Shyam. The film juxtaposes the economic and cultural conditions of Kerala and Japan.
The film tells the story of a young idealist, Ravi (Mohanlal), who is nauseated by the hypocrisy of his politician brother (Mammootty). To hit back at the prevailing corrupt political system, Ravi stages cultural shows under the banner of the Darshana Kala Kendra, which is a group of unemployed youth. Iniyengilum was a commercial success at the box office.


== Plot ==


== Cast ==


== Production ==
The film was shot in Japan and Hong Kong, and some parts in Kerala.


== Soundtrack ==
The music was composed by Shyam and the lyrics were written by Yusufali Kechery.


== Reception ==
Writing for India Today, Sreedhar Pillai called it "a badly made film" which "offers nothing new". The film was a commercial success.


== References ==


== External links ==
Iniyengilum at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
The WXXI Public Broadcasting Council is a community non-profit organization of some 36,000 subscribing members in the Rochester, New York metropolitan area, and owns that city's major public television and Community radio stations, a newspaper, and other broadcasting services.
The Public Broadcasting Council also partners with the City of Rochester to operate and program named City12, a Government-access television (GATV) cable channel which airs Public-access television programming and live City Council meetings on a 15-hour daily schedule.


== History ==
It was first formed in 1958 by local educators and community leaders as the Rochester Area Educational Television Association to produce and provide Educational television programming to be seen on the city's commercial broadcasting television stations. During the early 1960s the organization raised funds to build its own independent signal which would furnish daily educational, cultural, and informational programming during both school hours and prime-time evening hours for an all-ages family audience. WXXI-TV signed on in September 1966, from studios in the former East High School building in Rochester. Those facilities eventually proved unable to accommodate the station's growth in audience and local programming, and could not provide room for a planned FM non-commercial Community radio sister station, so WXXI built a new Public Broadcasting Center and opened it in December 1974. It was at that time, that companion station WXXI-FM was opened and became the Rochester community's first full-market-coverage Non-commercial educational and cultural radio station. Demand for full-time Non-commercial radio service in both classical/fine arts and news/talk formats grew beyond the ability of one signal to serve. So in 1984, Rochester AM station WSAY was acquired and became WXXI (AM), a regional service with a signal capable of reaching the six-county Rochester metropolitan region. It opened its news/talk service with local and NPR programming on July 2 of that year. WXXI-FM then became a 24-hour classical and fine arts station. Each station has since built a substantial and growing audience.
The WXXI-FM facility now includes not only analog FM service and the Reachout Radio subcarrier service for the blind and visually impaired, but full-market digital coverage on both HD-1 and HD-2 channels, the latter of which simulcasts WXXI-AM in digital stereo. Later on, WXXI joined in partnership with the University of Rochester to operate WRUR-FM as a service with both news and adult alternative music and specialty programming, and took control of WXXY (FM) in Houghton, New York, in the Southern Tier region to provide a mix of classical and news programming for a portion of the state which had previously been outside the range of a public signal.  WXXI joined in partnership with Hobart and William Smith Colleges (operators of National Public Radio (NPR) affiliate WEOS (FM) in Geneva, New York) to provide an alternative non-commercial service for the southern Finger Lakes region: WITH (FM) in Ithaca opened during the spring of 2010.
WXXI-TV, meanwhile, continued to grow.  The Public Broadcasting Center more than doubled in size in 1991, adding additional radio studios and three fully equipped TV production studios. It built a new digital full-service television transmitter capable of simultaneously transmitting four programming streams—the main WXXI-TV public signal in high definition, plus the Public Broadcasting Service PBS World programming schedule and the Create schedule emphasizing and the arts instructional and how-to programming and the PBS Kids schedule children's programming, all of which air 24 hours daily, plus a special training channel serving regional public safety agencies with professional Instructional television  programming.
In 2012, WXXI announced a long term affiliation with the Little Theatre where WXXI took over operations of the venue. In December 2018, it was announced that WXXI via a for-profit arm was acquiring the main Rochester alternative weekly newspaper City Newspaper from its founders who were going into retirement.


== Operations ==


=== Television ===
WXXI-TV (channel 21) - Rochester's PBS member station, along with subchannels for Create and World and PBS Kids


=== Radio ===
WXXI (AM) (1370) - news/talk with NPR, PRI, APM spoken word content along with local news
WXXI-FM (91.5) - all-classical music with hourly NPR News updates
WXXY (90.3) - a Houghton-based simulcast of WXXI-FM for southern part of Rochester market
Reachout Radio, the area's radio reading service provider
WRUR-FM, a partnership with the University of Rochester providing NPR News and eclectic music
WEOS (FM), a partnership with Hobart and William Smith Colleges
WITH (FM), a partnership with Hobart and William Smith Colleges


=== Print ===
City Newspaper - an alternative weekly newspaper (via a for-profit arm)


=== Other ===
Little Theatre - operated by WXXI


== References ==


== External links ==
About WXXI Services — official web page about overall operations
John S. Porter papers, at the University of Maryland libraries. Porter was a producer of instructional television 1958-1969, during the early years of the Council.
<|endoftext|>
The 1954–55 Spartan League season was the 37th in the history of Spartan League. The league consisted of 16 clubs.


== League table ==
The division featured 16 clubs, 14 from last season and 2 new clubs: 

Letchworth Town
Tring Town


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Sudley Place is a historic mansion in Robertson County, Tennessee, U.S.. It was built in 1856 for Samuel Bowling Brown, a whiskey distiller. It was purchased by the Fuqua family in the 1930s. Democratic politician Jesse H. Jones, who served as the 9th United States Secretary of Commerce from 1940 to 1945, grew up in the house.The house was designed in the Italianate architectural style. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since January 11, 1974.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Green Jackets Brigade (known as O Group until 1948) was an administrative brigade of the British Army from 1946 to 1968, that administered the English rifle regiments.


== History ==
After the Second World War the British Army had fourteen infantry depots, each bearing a letter. Infantry Depot O at Upper Barracks, Winchester was the headquarters for the two rifle regiments and the Middlesex Regiment.In 1948, the depots adopted names and this depot became the Green Jackets Brigade. At the same time the Middlesex Regiment was transferred to the Home Counties Brigade, with the remaining regiments each being reduced to a single battalion. The Brigade combined the depots of:
The King's Royal Rifle Corps
The Rifle Brigade (Prince Consort's Own)Under the Defence Review announced in July 1957, the infantry of the line was reorganised, and on 1 April 1958, the 1st Battalion Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry  was transferred from the Light Infantry Brigade to the Green Jackets Brigade. The regiment was subsequently renamed as the 1st Green Jackets (43rd and 52nd) on 7 November 1958. The remaining two regiments were also renamed as the 2nd and 3rd Green Jackets on 7 November, so that the Brigade contained three battalions:

1st Green Jackets (43rd and 52nd)
2nd Green Jackets, The King's Royal Rifle Corps
3rd Green Jackets, The Rifle BrigadeOn 1 January 1966, the three regiments were amalgamated into a single three battalion "large regiment" called the Royal Green Jackets. In 1968, the Green Jackets Brigade was merged with the Light Infantry Brigade to form the Light Division.


== Units ==
Throughout its existence, the brigade was made up of the following units:


== References ==


== External links ==
Green Jackets Brigade (regiments.org), accessed February 4, 2008
<|endoftext|>
Baron Joseph Marie François Cachin was a French engineer, most notable for his work at Cherbourg Harbour. He was born in Castres on October 2, 1757 and died in Paris on February 23, 1825.


== Biography ==
Joseph Cachin, son of Pierre Cachin, was a butler at the episcopal palace of Chastres. Under the protection of the Bishop of Castres, Jean-Sébastien de Barral, he went to school at les frères de Chastres and later at le collège de Sorèze. He went on to study architecture at l’école des beaux-arts de Toulouse and, in 1776, joined l’école des ponts et chaussées in Paris, under the supervision of Jean-Rodolphe Perronet. Upon graduation, he spent some time travelling in England and the United States.Shortly afterwards, Joseph Cachin became an engineer for the maritime works in the généralité of Rouen, where he was put in charge of improving the Port of Honfleur. In this position, he proposed the construction of a canal that would run parallel to the Seine River, between Quillebeuf and the sea, to protect incoming merchant ships. From 1790 to 1792, he was elected to the head of the municipality by the French Revolution, but further planning of his canal project was halted, due to lack of funds. Here, he married the wealthy Judith de la Rivière, the third widow of the Prince of Montbéliard; however, their marriage was short-lived and they separated shortly afterwards, by mutual agreement.In 1792, he was appointed chief engineer of Calvados, where he worked on the 
Caen Canal and the establishment of the navy between Colleville and the mouth of the Orne River. Later that year, he took part in the committee that was in charge of planning Cherbourg Harbour; however, the project was soon suspended after the fall of the monarchy.Joseph Cachin left Calvados after the 18 Brumaire coup d’état and entered the marine services, as head of maritime works. In July 1802, after becoming Inspector General of roads and bridges, he renewed his interest in Cherbourg Harbour and published a rapport in le Moniteur: recommending the construction of a port (at pointe du Hommet) and a central defense battery to increase the protection of the harbour (until then provided by the forts at Querqueville and Pelée island). As a result of this publication, in 1804, Napoleon appointed him as director general of maritime works of Cherbourg. In the same year, he joined the conseil général de la Manche, which he would later chair. Over the span of 20 years, he completed many works at Cherbourg: including fortifications of the harbour wall; improvements to the commercial port; construction of the defense battery; and digging of the naval base, which would make up the new armoury.
On September 16, 1808, Joseph Cachin received the title Knight of the Empire by letters patent. He became baron on August 27, 1816 and was awarded Officer of the Legion of Honour by Empress Marie-Louis at the inauguration of the new military harbour in Cherbourg. In 1816, after the completion of the Port of Cherbourg, he became a candidate for the chamber of deputies, but was not elected. He published his last book in 1820, entitled Mémoire sur la digue de Cherbourg comparée au breakwater de Plymouth. In 1823, he left his position in Cherbourg and died shortly afterwards from a stroke at the hôtel des Monnaies in Paris.


== Literary Posterity ==
Joseph Cachin was later described as an architectural genius by Honoré de Balzac in Le Curé de village:

"Cachin, the man of genius to whom we owe Cherbourg (…) Genius only obeys its own laws, it only develops out of circumstances over which man has no control – neither the State, nor the science of mankind, Anthropology, know them. Riquet, Perronet, Leonardo da Vinci, Cachin, Palladio, Brunelleschi, Michelangelo, Bramante, Vauban, Vicat held their genius due to unobserved reasons and causes to which we give the name of chance, the great word of fools."


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Ubuntu Unity is a Linux distribution based on Ubuntu, using the Unity interface in place of Ubuntu's GNOME Shell. The first release was 20.04 LTS on 7 May 2020. Prior to the initial release it had the working names of Unubuntu and Ubuntu Unity Remix


== History ==
The Unity interface was originally developed by Canonical Limited and first included as the default interface in Ubuntu 11.04, which was released in April 2011. Unity was developed as an alternative to the GNOME Shell, which replaced the GNOME 2 interface. At that time Canonical had planned to converge the desktop, cellphone and tablet interfaces into Unity 8, a project that was abandoned in 2017 when Ubuntu moved to the GNOME 3 desktop instead, ending Unity development at version 7, version 8 being incomplete. Ubuntu 17.04 introduced the GNOME 3 desktop in April 2017, but it was not universally accepted by Ubuntu users or developers. A number of forks were proposed, with UBports taking over Unity 8 development for its value as a cellphone interface and renaming it Lomiri in February 2020. In 2019 Canonical gave its approval for the use of trademarks for a Unity 7 Ubuntu remix.Linux Foundation Certified Developer and Ubuntu team member Rudra B. Saraswat, who is based near New Delhi, India, started Ubuntu Unity. He polled users and used a stock Unity 7 interface with the Ubuntu backend and minimal changes otherwise. He included the Nemo file manager as an alternative to GNOME Files and employed the LightDM X display manager to replace Ubuntu's GNOME Display Manager.Saraswat had previously created several other Linux distributions, including the server-focused Krob Linux. About his motivations for starting Ubuntu Unity, Saraswat stated, "I had used Ubuntu 17.04 back when I was 8 [years old] and I really loved Unity7, so when Unity7 was discontinued by Canonical, I wasn't happy and wanted to bring it back. I created this project to give Unity7 a new life." Saraswat was ten years old in 2020 when he first released Ubuntu Unity. He has indicated that his goal is to eventually have the distribution accepted as an official Ubuntu "flavour".


== Releases ==


=== Ubuntu Unity 20.04 LTS ===

This release was the first Ubuntu Unity release, as well as the first long term support release. It was released on 7 May 2020, two weeks after the release of Ubuntu 20.04 LTS. It uses a default Yaru theme with Papirus icons with Adwaita, Ambiance, Radiance and High Contrast themes available.This initial release attracted the attention of the tech press and was widely reported.In a review in Forbes, Jason Evangelho stated, "If you’re yearning for the good ole' Unity and Compiz days, I bring awesome tidings: someone's shining a new spotlight on them, and the stage underneath is a brand new Linux distribution called Ubuntu Unity Remix 20.04."Jack Wallen of TechRepublic wrote, "Unity is back as is your ticket out of a world of inefficient desktop interfaces that made using a laptop a less-than-ideal proposition. For those who've lauded Ubuntu's choice to switch to GNOME, fear not--Ubuntu is sticking with GNOME. Unity, on the other hand, has made its return, thanks to the likes of the Ubuntu Unity desktop distribution. It's a fresh take on an old, once defunct favorite."Marius Nestor reviewed the release in 9to5Linux, stating, "I took Ubuntu Unity Remix 20.04 for a spin and it brought back good old memories for me. The spin looks great and works like a charm."Eric Londo of Linux++ reviewed the new release, saying, "Yes, this was the old Unity I used to know and love, but somehow it felt fresher. As I worked to regain muscle memory over the key-bindings (GNOME really can take over the way you control your system XD), the experience was smooth, graceful, and fun in a way that is unique to the Unity experience. During the testing, I did not encounter a single issue that I would deem detrimental or even annoying. Everything from the Dash to the file manager and theming appeared to be just where it had left off, not skipping a beat. Congratulations to Rudra Saraswat on bringing Ubuntu Unity back to life."Adam Hunt of Full Circle magazine, wrote, "this release can’t be termed "groundbreaking" or "a game-changer", but it does show exactly where the mainstream Ubuntu could have been today if it had not left Unity 7 behind for the Gnome Shell."The first point release was made on 6 August 2020, on the same day as the other Ubuntu flavours and included fixes for a number of small issues.A 19 October 2020 review by John Perkins in Make Tech Easier faulted the release for its high idle RAM and CPU use, and noted, "the main thing that sticks out as a con to me is the wallflower factor. Nothing about Unity really sticks out. Aside from the search function, the appearance, look and feel of Unity doesn’t have anything special enough to keep me coming back."


=== Ubuntu Unity 20.10 ===

This standard release came out on 22 October 2020.The version incorporates Linux kernel version 5.8 and uses GNU GRUB for both BIOS and UEFI booting. It also adds fixes and updates for many user interface issue, including adding the Compiz settings manager, with many plugins and effects. It also introduces a new default theme of Arc-darker, new wallpaper and a new Yaru-Purple theme and icon theme.In a review of the first alpha version, Marius Nestor wrote in 9to5 Linux, "I took it for a test drive, and, to my surprise, everything works a lot faster than version 20.04."A review of the final release on Debug Point, Arandam Giri praised Ubuntu Unity's efficiency and how it improved user productivity.A January 2021 review in Full Circle magazine noted: "Ubuntu Unity 20.10 is a very strong release. It builds on the success and all the tech press attention that the first release garnered and shows developer commitment to taking Ubuntu Unity further, with the goal of gaining official status. Adding the CompizConfig Settings Manager, more window and icon themes, and a wide array of wallpaper choices, plus settling on Thunderbird for email and Nemo as the default file manager, shows that this development cycle is going to be focused on sharpening the user experience. This makes it worth tracking this distribution along the road to the next LTS version, 22.04 LTS, due out in April 2022. If this release is any indication, we should see good things in the future."


=== Ubuntu Unity 21.04 ===
Ubuntu Unity 21.04 is a standard release, scheduled for 22 April 2021.


== Applications ==
Some of the applications included by default in Ubuntu Unity are:


== Table of releases ==


== See also ==

List of Linux distributions
Lubuntu
Xubuntu
Ubuntu Budgie
Ubuntu GNOME


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Madi Diaz (born May 14, 1986) is an American singer-songwriter and musician.


== Early life ==
Diaz grew up in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, where she was home-schooled by her Peruvian mother, Nancy, a proponent of early childhood development and the visual arts, and her Danish father, Eric, a woodworker and musician. Diaz began piano lessons at age five from her father.
In her early teens, Diaz switched from piano to guitar. She was featured in Rock School, director Don Argott's 2005 documentary about the program as Madi Diaz-Svalgard. Her father Eric Svalgård is a member of the Frank Zappa tribute band Project/Object.


== Music career ==
After high school, Diaz was accepted to Berklee College of Music. At Berklee, she began working with Kyle Ryan, the Nebraska-raised guitarist who would be her songwriting collaborator for her early career. The two began their collaboration when a fellow student, a producer looking for a project, offered Diaz the chance to record an album in Hawaii. The self-released album Skin And Bones (2007) was the result, and a songwriting and performing partnership between Diaz and Ryan stuck. Shortly after, Diaz dropped out of the program at Berklee.
In 2008, Diaz and Ryan continued writing and began playing shows in New York City. There, she met her manager and signed to publisher Cherry Lane Music. Diaz and Ryan were then sent to Nashville for a month to write, and in mid-2010 moved to Nashville.After releasing the EP, Ten Gun Salute, Diaz began touring with The Civil Wars and Landon Pigg. She was featured in Paste magazine as one of the "Top Ten Buzziest Acts" at SXSW 2009, and had songs featured on cw The originals ABC Family's Pretty Little Liars, and Lifetime's Drop Dead Diva, Army Wives, and Princesses: Long Island.
Her EP, Far From The Things That We Know, was released on September 20, 2011, by TinyOGRE Entertainment.  The EP was recorded in Los Angeles and Charlottesville, VA with John Alagia (Dave Matthews Band, John Mayer) serving as producer. The EP previewed songs from her full-length album, Plastic Moon, which was released in January 2012.
In February 2012, Diaz moved to Los Angeles, marking a new chapter in her music career. Now working solo, her next album, We Threw Our Hearts In The Fire, was released on October 23, 2012.Diaz appeared as a guest on Last Call with Carson Daly on the January 13, 2014 episode. She released the single "Stay Together" on July 11, 2014. It is the first single off of her album, Phantom, which was released in September 2014.The song "The End of the Day," written by Diaz and Sarah Siskind, was featured on the television series Nashville, and is performed by Connie Britton and Charles Esten.
In Far Cry 5, Diaz was featured in Dan Romer's "Help Me Faith".
On February 11, 2021, ANTI- Records announced that Diaz had signed with them, alongside the release of her first single with the label titled "Man In Me".


== Discography ==
Skin and Bone (2007)
Ten Gun Salute EP (2009)
Far From the Things That We Know EP (2011)
Plastic Moon (2012) – No. 20 on Billboard Heatseekers Album Chart
We Threw Our Hearts In The Fire (2012)
Phantom (2014)
Okay To Be Alone EP (2017)


== Collaborations ==
RAC
Joshua Radin
Lester Mendez
Viceroy
Jensen Sportag
Joseph Arthur
Nick Ruth
Mindy Smith
Magic Man
Rob Cantor
Gold Fields
Joe Hawley, Ross Federman, and Bora Karaca of Tally Hall on vocals for the track "Black Rainbows" on the album "Hawaii: Part II".
Andrew Heringer
Miranda Lambert – Background vocals on "The Weight Of These Wings"
Dan Romer - Help Me Faith - Dan Romer ft. Madi Diaz from Far Cry 5 "Into The Flames"


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
American Songwriter Interview
Marie Claire Interview
<|endoftext|>
In politics, dual loyalty is loyalty to two separate interests that potentially conflict with each other, leading to a conflict of interest.


== Inherently controversial ==
While nearly all examples of alleged "dual loyalty" are considered highly controversial, they point to the inherent difficulty in distinguishing between what constitutes a "danger" of dual loyalty, a pair of misaligned interests, versus what might be more simply a pair of partially-aligned or even, according to the party being accused, a pair of fully-aligned interests. For example, immigrants who still have feelings of loyalty to their country of origin often insist that their two (or more) loyalties do not conflict. As Stanley A. Renshon at the Center for Immigration Studies noted,

Lan Samantha Chang (1999), a novelist writing in response to the Wen Ho Lee case, could say in a New York Times op-ed piece entitled Debunking the Dual Loyalty Myth, "True, many immigrants have strong ties to their countries of birth.&l... But cultural or familial loyalties are on a different level from political allegiances.... I love China, but I am a citizen of the United States." Ms. Chang appears to want to distinguish a love for one's "home" country from being willing to commit treason against one's adopted one. This is obviously a fair, reasonable, and appropriate distinction.
Yet, in the process of making such a distinction, she acknowledges the duality of her feelings. The issue is not between love of one's country of origin and treason, but rather the multiple loyalties that appear to be part of many immigrants' psychology.


=== Transnationalist interpretations ===
Some scholars refer to a growing trend of transnationalism and suggest that as societies become more heterogeneous and multicultural, the term "dual loyalty" had increasingly become a meaningless bromide. According to the theory of transnationalism, migration and other factors, including improved global communication, produce new forms of identity that transcend traditional notions of physical and cultural space. Nina Glick Schiller, Linda Basch, and Cristina Blanc-Szanton define a process by which immigrants "link together" their country of origin and their country of settlement.
The transnationalist view is that "dual loyalty" is a potentially-positive expression of multi-culturalism and can contribute to the diversity and strength of civil society. That view is popular in many academic circles, but others are skeptical of the idea. As one paper describes it,

On occasion, these imagined communities conform to the root meaning of transnational, extending beyond loyalties that connect to any specific place of origin or ethnic or national group. Yet what immigration scholars describe as transnationalism is usually its opposite... highly particularistic attachments antithetical to those by-products of globalization denoted by the concept of "transnational civil society" and its related manifestations.
Beyond its usage in particular instances, the terms "dual loyalty" and "transnationalism" continue to be the subject of much debate. As one academic wrote:

Although the events of September 11th may have shaken some assumptions – at least in the United States – about the nature of transnational networks and their capacity to facilitate flows of people, goods, and ideas across borders, the terms "globalization" and "transnationalism" remain relatively stable, albeit frustratingly imprecise additions to the language of social sciences, including anthropology.


== Historical examples ==
Other historical examples of actual or perceived "dual loyalty" include the following:

During World War II, a number of United States citizens of Japanese, German, and Italian ancestry, including some born in the U.S., were confined to internment camps (see Internment of Japanese Americans).
Roman Catholics are subject to the Pope on religious matters. This has often perceived as dual loyalty by powers opposed to the Holy See.During the English Reformation, many important English and Scottish Catholics, such as Thomas More, Mary, Queen of Scots and Edmund Campion, were tried and executed for their alleged double loyalty to the Papacy and infidelity to the Crown.
During John F. Kennedy's campaign for and brief tenure as U.S. President, some opponents questioned whether a Roman Catholic President of the United States had a divided loyalty with respect to the Papacy and Vatican City.
Chinese Catholics have been forced by the government of the People's Republic of China of substituting the Roman Catholic Church in China by the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association.
Jews who were part of the Jewish diaspora have been accused of dual loyalty by the Romans in the 1st century, by the French in the Dreyfus Affair in the late 19th century, in Stalin-era Soviet Union in the 20th century. Before the creation of Israel, Jewish anti-Zionists used the accusation against other Jews. While today some use the phrase in a "neutral and non-pejorative fashion," this use can obscure the fact that home nations and Israel may have sharp political differences. The 1991 Gulf War and the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq lead to such accusations against Jewish neoconservatives, vocal proponents of war against Iraq who allegedly sought to undermine Arab nations hostile to Israel (i.e., the term "Israel-firster"). And by anti-Israel pundits. In 2019, Representative Ilhan Omar was accused of suggesting that pro-Israeli American Jews had dual loyalty towards Israel.
The loyalty of many Americans to the U.S. government was called into question during the Cold War due to alleged Communist sympathies, resulting in "witch-hunts" of various government officials, celebrities and other citizens (see McCarthyism).
Muslims living in Western countries, especially during periods of heightened tensions between Muslim minorities and non-Muslims, such as after September 11, 2001, or during the Jyllands-Posten cartoons controversy of 2005–2006, are sometimes accused of being more loyal to the Muslim ummah than to their country.
"Dual loyalty" continues to be a concern of critics of US immigration policy, particularly in those states which border Mexico.
The Hindu minority in the majority-Muslim Bangladesh has often been accused of dual loyalty to the neighbour state of India by the Bangladesh Nationalist Party and even by Sheikh Hasina who heads the largest political outfit in Bangladesh hailing secularism.
The Ahmadiyya movement in Islam has been accused by some Muslims of dual loyalty to the state of Israel, or less frequently the Hindu-majority  state of India.
The government of the Islamic Republic of Iran has accused the Baháʼí Faith minority of having loyalty to foreign powers (see Iranian anti-Baháʼí conspiracy theories).
During the impeachment of Donald Trump in 2020, some Republican Members of Congress accused Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Vindman of dual loyalty towards Ukraine due to his Ukrainian heritage.


== See also ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Karen Carpenter Story is an American made-for-television biographical film about singer Karen Carpenter and the brother-and-sister pop music duo of which she was a part, The Carpenters. The film aired on CBS on January 1, 1989. Directed by Joseph Sargent, it starred Cynthia Gibb as Karen Carpenter, and Mitchell Anderson as her brother, Richard Carpenter, who served as a producer for the film as well as of the musical score.


== Story ==
The movie begins with the collapse of Karen Carpenter in the closet of her parents' home in Downey, California, on February 4, 1983. She is rushed to the hospital by paramedics, and as the EMT is placing an oxygen mask over her face, "Rainy Days and Mondays", recorded by the Carpenters on their self-titled album, is playing. The scene shifts to teenaged Karen singing "The End of the World" as she roller skates on the day the family moved into their home in Downey (they had previously resided in New Haven, Connecticut). Then the film cuts to the teenaged Karen skating in slow motion looking down on herself as the 32 year old Karen is dying at the hospital. The film then shows the highs and lows of Carpenter's life from the 1960s to 1983. One of the scenes, which showed Carpenter fainting onstage while she was singing the song "Top of the World", was fictionalized. Also fictionalized is when Richard Carpenter falls down a flight of stairs, due to his abuse of Quaaludes. The film improbably attempts to end on a happy note, with Karen smiling after her mother says "I love you." The details about her subsequent death are superimposed on the screen before the closing credits.


== Cast ==
Cynthia Gibb as Karen Carpenter
Mitchell Anderson as Richard Carpenter
Peter Michael Goetz as Harold Carpenter (father)
Louise Fletcher as Agnes Carpenter (mother)
Michael McGuire as Sherwin Bash
Lise Hilboldt as Lucy
Kip Gilman as David Lattimer (as Kenneth David Gilman)
Scott Burkholder as Ted
John Patrick Reger as Bob Knight
Doug MacHugh as Dr. Lazwell
William Tucker as Peter Howard
Henry Crowell Jr. as Denny
Josh Cruze as Herb Alpert
Carrie Mitchum as Randy Bash
Richard Minchenberg
James Hong as Dr. Dentworth
Stephanie Griffin as Dr. Brooks
Hartley Silver as Band Teacher
Robert Broyles as Bowl Emcee
Howard Dayton as Park Emcee
Grayce Spence as Nurse


== Production ==
The idea for a movie based on Karen Carpenter's life had been floating around after her sudden death from emetine cardiotoxicity due to anorexia nervosa in February 1983. However, it was impossible to find someone to write the script for it. Once it had been approved by the studio and Richard Carpenter, there were daily script "rewrites or entire scenes were removed" according to co-stars Cynthia Gibb and Mitchell Anderson, in an attempt to soften the image of Agnes Carpenter by her son in real life. The final movie, in Gibb's opinion, gives a "white-washed" account of Carpenter's life. Gibb also said that a lot of the information in it was "watered down or removed altogether" at the request of Richard.
Richard Carpenter also requested that Gibb wear Karen Carpenter's original clothing, which he supplied, and that she lose the required weight in order to fit into these clothes. Gibb stated:

"I lost weight as Richard wanted and he was there watching over me in every scene. It was unnerving having to wear Karen's clothes, right down to her clingy T-shirts and crumpled bell-bottoms. I donned a wig and used Karen's make-up. By the time I was finished I felt I WAS Karen."Gibb also stated that "there was no time to research and I had my drum lessons during my lunch hour". Even though she had starred for two years in Fame, she said it was still insisted upon her to take voice lessons to do the lip synching.
Crew members later talked about their experience dealing with Richard Carpenter during shooting:
"Frankly, we were very glad he [Richard Carpenter] (didn't play himself). He was a pain in the backside, so oversensitive and close to the action he almost screwed things up. When we spotted him on his knees praying to Karen he was saying: 'Forgive me, forgive me...'"The misgivings he had were painfully obvious. You could almost see him wrestling with things in his mind. It was as if he felt that Karen would never have approved. He whispered to one of the boys: 'I'd give my right arm if she were here now.'"The guy just hasn't been able to let go (and now) the film lacks an independent balance."


== Reception ==
The movie was very popular in the ratings; it was the highest-rated two-hour TV movie of the year and the third highest rated such program on any network during the 1980s. It has never had an official United States DVD or VHS release, but was issued on laserdisc in Japan.


== Richard Carpenter's reaction ==
At the time, Richard Carpenter described his feelings towards the film: "Oh, certain things were overblown. Not that I'm trying to take anything away from the importance of the event: Karen's battle with anorexia, mine with sleeping pills but it was still a little melodramatic. Like, neither of us - for anyone that watched this movie - literally collapsed. In fact, when I saw that, I told them while it was being made: "Look, neither of us fell down here. Karen didn't onstage and I didn't go down a flight of stairs..." But we're dealing with a TV movie so you have to take it with a grain of salt. And each little thing was not exactly the way it happened, that's all. But it's still a fairly accurate log of twenty years of our lives."
In 1988, Carpenter stated, that "I was in two minds about the film from the start but I knew that if it had to be made, I had to be involved. I accept that parts of the lives of all celebrities are matters of public record but for somebody else to have done this without the family's blessing, well, it just wouldn't have been as well told."
In 2004, he was much harsher about the project, calling it "90 minutes of creative license that give biopics in general a dubious tone." He also stated at the time that he considered being involved in the film one of his biggest mistakes.


== References ==


== External links ==
The Karen Carpenter Story at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Boxing Day is a 2007 Australian film directed by Kriv Stenders.
It was partly funded by and premiered at the Adelaide Film Festival.


== Cast ==
Richard Green as Chris
Tammy Anderson as Donna
Syd Brisbane as Dave
Stuart Clark as Owen
Catriona Hadden as Cathy
Misty Sparrow as Brooke
Ming Jeng Chew as Himself


== References ==


== External links ==
Boxing Day at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
The Itinerarium Alexandri ("The Journey of Alexander") is a 4th-century Latin Itinerarium - a travel guide in the form of a listing of cities, villages (vici) and other stops, on a journey with the intervening distances given.
The text describes Alexander the Great's journey of conquest over the Persian Empire. The book contains a description of Alexander's life from his ascendance to the Macedonian throne to his conquests in India. The content of the texts draws heavily on the Anabasis of Alexander by Arrian and it has similarities to the Alexander Romance.
The work is dedicated to the Roman Emperor Constantius II. The author is unknown but it is suspected to have been composed in 340 by Julius Valerius, who wrote Res gestae Alexandri Macedonis.


== Bibliography ==
Heckel, Waldemar, John Yardley, Alexander the Great: Historical Texts in Translation, Blackwell Publishing, 2004, ISBN 0-631-22821-7, p. xxvi. xxvi.
Iolo Davies: Alexander's itinerary (itinerary of Alexandria). An English translation. In: Ancient History Bulletin 12, 1998, p. 29-54.
Raffaella Tabacco: Itinerarium Alexandri. Testo, apparato Critico, introduzione traduzione, e commento. Turin 2000th
Raffaella Tabacco: Itinerarium Alexandri.  Critical review of studies and research perspectives, in "Bulletin of Latin Studies" XVII, 1987, pp. 77–120
Michael H. Dodgeon: The Roman eastern frontier and the Persian wars: AD 226 - 363, Volume 1 Page 385
<|endoftext|>
Dear Catastrophe Waitress is the sixth studio album by Scottish indie pop band Belle & Sebastian, released on 6 October 2003 on Rough Trade Records. Producer Trevor Horn, former member of The Buggles and producer of groups like Yes and Frankie Goes to Hollywood, oversaw the production of the album, and gave it a more polished, pop-friendly sound, which stood in sharp contrast with their previous lo-fi, folky albums (although songs like "Lord Anthony" hearkened back to their old sound). In particular, the danceable track "Stay Loose" proved to be the first in a series of songs (such as "Your Cover's Blown" and "Sukie in the Graveyard") that further diverged from their roots.
"Stay Loose" was released to radio on 24 February 2004. The album was nominated for the 2004 Mercury Music Prize, while the song "Step into My Office, Baby" was shortlisted for an Ivor Novello Award in the Best Song category.
As of 2007, Dear Catastrophe Waitress had sold 138,000 units in the US.


== Track listing ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Dear Catastrophe Waitress listing on the band's official site, with credits, liner notes, and links to lyrics.
<|endoftext|>
James Rhyne Killian Jr. (July 24, 1904 – January 29, 1988) was the 10th president of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, from 1948 until 1959.


== Early life ==
Killian was born on July 24, 1904, in Blacksburg, South Carolina. His father was a textile maker. He attended The McCallie School in Chattanooga, TN [1] later studied at Duke University (formerly Trinity University) for two years until he transferred to MIT, where he received a Bachelor of Business Administration  and engineering administration in 1926. While there, he was a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity.


== Career ==


=== Leadership at MIT ===
In 1932, while serving as the editor of MIT's alumni magazine Technology Review, Killian was instrumental in the founding of Technology Press, the publishing imprint that would later become the institute's independent publishing house, MIT Press. He became executive assistant to MIT President Karl Taylor Compton in 1939, and co-directed the wartime operation of MIT, which strongly supported military research and development. He was from 1948 until 1959 the 10th president of MIT.
In 1956, James R. Killian Jr was named as the 1st Chair to the new President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board by the Eisenhower Administration; a position which he held until April 1963.


=== Advisor to the President of the U.S. ===
On leave from MIT he served as Special Assistant for Science and Technology to President Eisenhower from 1957 to 1959, making him the first true Presidential Science Advisor. Killian headed the Killian Committee and oversaw the creation of the President's Science Advisory Committee (PSAC) shortly after the launches of the Soviet artificial satellites, Sputnik 1 and Sputnik 2, in October and November 1957. PSAC was instrumental in initiating national curriculum reforms in science and technology and in establishing the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
Killian described an environment of "widespread discouragement" facing scientists and, in particular, scientists of the Technological Capabilities Panel, which had been convened by U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower to develop technological solutions to the perceived possibility of a surprise nuclear attack by the Soviet Union. This stifling work atmosphere was caused by the widely cast, groundless aspersions of Senator Joseph McCarthy and the removal of Robert Oppenheimer from work on sensitive military projects. Oppenheimer had expressed support for shifting U.S. military resources from offensive nuclear weapons to defensive capabilities, and following Oppenheimer's loss of his security clearance, scientists felt that it was inadvisable to challenge the thinking of the military establishment.


=== Awards and autobiography ===
In 1956 Killian was awarded the Public Welfare Medal from the National Academy of Sciences. He co-authored a book, The Education of a College President (1985), which serves as an autobiography as well. After stepping down as president of MIT in 1959, he served as chairman of the MIT Corporation from 1959 until 1971.


== Death ==
Killian died on January 29, 1988, in Cambridge, Massachusetts.


== Legacy ==
Two locations on MIT's campus bear the name Killian: Killian Court, a tree-lined courtyard with views of MIT's Great Dome, and Killian Hall, a concert hall (actually named after Killian's wife, Elizabeth Parks Killian, a Wellesley College alumna).


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Stever, H. Guyford (2002). In War and Peace: My Life in Science and Technology. Joseph Henry Press. ISBN 0-309-08411-3.


== External links ==
Killian, James Rhyne, "The Obligations and Ideals of an Institute of Technology", The Inaugural Address, Tenth President of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, April 2, 1949
Official MIT biography
Welzenbach, Donald E., "SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY: ORIGINS OF A DIRECTORATE", March 15, 1953. Discussion of Killian's involvement with the C.I.A. and Pres. Eisenhower
Records of the White House Office of the Special Assistant for Science and Technology, Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library
<|endoftext|>
Rosa Somerville Hope (8 June 1902, in Manchester, England – 7 May 1972, in Kokstad, South Africa), was an English painter who visited South Africa in 1935 and stayed on. Her mother was a teacher at the Camberwell School of Art and her father was recorded as an agent.


== Biography ==
Hope first went to a school in Romiley, but then attended the Manchester High School for Girls, with her twin sister Muriel. In 1918 she started training at the Slade School of Art in London on a scholarship of £20 and in 1926 won the Prix de Rome for her etching The Adoration of the Shepherds, which was subsequently shown at the Royal Academy. She studied under Henry Tonks (1862-1937), Philip Wilson Steer (1860-1942) and John Wheatley (1892-1955). At this time she was living at 40 Downshire Hill, Hampstead, N.W, the same house where Mark Rutherford, the novelist, lived in 1852. When she visited South Africa in 1935, her former teacher at the Slade School, Professor John Laviers Wheatley, offered her a teaching post at the Michaelis School of Fine Art at the University of Cape Town. She founded the school's printmaking and engraving department. In 1938 she accepted the post of Senior Lecturer in Fine Art at the University of Natal in Pietermaritzburg, where she remained until 1957. From here she made frequent painting trips to the Drakensberg and Transkei, occasionally accompanied by her friend and fellow painter, Phyllis McCarthy. The Centre for Visual Art at the University of Natal has been entrusted with a donation of her works. Rosa Hope designed the tile tableau of the Great Trek Centenary in the Irene Post Office in 1939.
In January 1923 she was elected an Associate of the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers and Engravers. She exhibited drawings at the New English Art Club, the Redfern Gallery, Old Bond Street and Messrs. P. and D. Colnaghi
at the Grosvenor Galleries. She was a member of the Society of Graphic Art, the Hampstead Society of Artists and the Print Collectors’ Club.
She exhibited with the South African Society of Artists (SASA) until 1942.


== Gallery ==

		
		


== References ==

Kokstad Advertiser - 11 May 1972


== External links ==
Manchester High School For Girls
South African Society of Artists
Michaelis School of Fine Art
<|endoftext|>
Intercity is the second-highest train classification in Germany, after the ICE. Intercity services are loco-hauled express train services, usually over long-distances. There are Intercity routes throughout Germany, and routes generally operate with a two-hour frequency, with multiple routes giving a more frequent service on core routes. Intercity services are operated by the DB Fernverkehr sector of Deutsche Bahn.
The Intercity name was introduced in Germany in 1971, replacing the old F-Zug category, and was the top category of train in Germany until the introduction of the ICEs in the early 1990s. With the proliferation of ICE services, the role of IC trains has diminished slightly, and they have taken on the character of many former InterRegio trains. Nonetheless, Intercity trains still offer a very high standard of speed and comfort – all services convey first class accommodation, and most include catering – usually a Bistro Cafe, but some services include a restaurant. A number of Intercity services serve destinations outside Germany; most of these are under the EuroCity classification.


== History ==


=== Inception ===

The idea for Intercity services on the Deutsche Bundesbahn network was first proposed in 1967, inspired by the success of British Rail's InterCity brand. After some planning, the proposal was approved in 1969, and the services were finally introduced in September 1971, after some delays in delivery of new coaching stock. The original network consisted of four lines, operating every two hours, and connecting the largest cities in West Germany. At this time, Intercity trains were first-class only. The original lines were:

line 1 (red): Hamburg-Altona – Bremen – Münster (Westf) – Dortmund – Essen – Duisburg – Düsseldorf – Cologne – Bonn – Koblenz – Mainz – Mannheim – Heidelberg – Stuttgart – Ulm – Augsburg – Munich
line 2 (blue): Hannover – Bielefeld – Hamm – Dortmund – Hagen – Wuppertal-Elberfeld (– Solingen-Ohligs) – Cologne – Bonn – Koblenz – Wiesbaden – Frankfurt (Main) – Würzburg – Nuremberg – Augsburg – Munich
line 3 (green): Hamburg-Altona – Hannover – Göttingen – Fulda – Frankfurt (Main) – Mannheim – Karlsruhe – Freiburg (Breisgau) – Basel
line 4 (gold): Bremen – Hannover – Göttingen – Bebra – Fulda – Würzburg (– Ingolstadt) – MunichGradually, the Intercity network started to expand, and with the introduction of the Class 103 locomotives, 200 km/h running was possible. Services were increased in frequency to hourly, and second class accommodation was provided – in 1979 this was promoted with the slogan "every hour, every class".
Additionally, there is also another new line 5, running from Dortmund to Munich. It was opened since 2 May 1985.

line 1 (red): Hamburg-Altona – Bremen – Osnabrück – Münster (Westf) – Dortmund – Bochum – Essen – Duisburg – Düsseldorf – Köln – Bonn – Koblenz – Wiesbaden – Frankfurt (Main)
line 2 (brown): Hannover – Bielefeld – Hamm – Dortmund – Essen – Duisburg – Düsseldorf – Cologne – Bonn – Koblenz – Mainz – Mannheim – Heidelberg – Stuttgart – Ulm – Augsburg – Munich
line 3 (green): Hamburg-Altona – Hannover – Göttingen – Fulda – Frankfurt (Main) – Mannheim – Karlsruhe – Freiburg (Breisgau) – Basel (– Switzerland)
line 4 (gold): Hamburg-Altona – Hannover – Göttingen – Bebra – Fulda – Würzburg – Augsburg – München
line 4a (grey): Oldenburg or Bremerhaven – Bremen – Hannover
line 5 (blue): Dortmund – Hagen – Wuppertal-Elberfeld (– Solingen-Ohligs) – Cologne – Bonn – Koblenz – Mainz – Frankfurt Airport – Frankfurt (Main) (– Aschaffenburg) – Würzburg – Nuremberg – Augsburg – MunichThe InterCity for 3a is also part of the TransEuropExpress:

line 3a: Amsterdam – Utrecht – Oberhausen – Duisburg – Düsseldorf – Köln – Bonn – Koblenz – Mainz – (Mannheim – Karlsruhe – Freiburg (Breisgau) – Basel) or (Mannheim – Heidelberg – Stuttgart – Ulm – Augsburg – Munich – Salzburg) or (Frankfurt Airport – Frankfurt (Main) – Würzburg – Augsburg – Munich – Innsbruck)Some ICs switched between lines 4 and 5, 2 and 5 (Essen or Wuppertal), or 2 and 3 (Basel or Stuttgart).


=== Reunification and growth ===

The network continued to evolve throughout the 1980s, and in the early 1990s it saw major changes. One major driving force for this was German reunification, which saw the network expand across the former East Germany, but also the opening of two high-speed lines in 1991: Mannheim to Stuttgart and Hannover to Würzburg. The first generation ICEs were introduced around this time, and took over most services on the Hannover – Fulda corridor, while the remaining services expanded in all directions.
The routes on 2 June 1991 were as follows:

IC line 1 (red): Hamburg-Altona – Bremen – Münster (Westf) – Dortmund – Essen – Duisburg – Düsseldorf – Cologne – Bonn – Koblenz – Mainz – Frankfurt (Main) Flughafen – Frankfurt (Main) – Aschaffenburg – Würzburg – Nürnberg – (Ingolstadt – Munich) or (Regensburg – Passau – Linz – Wien) (connecting to Austria)
IC line 1a (magenta): Wiesbaden – Frankfurt (Main) (every two hours)
IC line 2 (brown): (Dortmund – Bochum) or (Münster (Westf) – Recklinghausen – Gelsenkirchen) – Essen – Duisburg – Düsseldorf – Köln – Bonn – Koblenz – Mainz – Mannheim – Heidelberg – Stuttgart – Ulm – Augsburg – Munich (eight EC train pairs via Salzburg to Budapest, Klagenfurt, Wien or Zagreb)
IC line 2a (magenta): Wiesbaden – Mainz
IC line 3 (green): Berlin – Potsdam – Magdeburg – Helmstedt – Braunschweig – Hildesheim – Göttingen – Kassel-Wilhelmshöhe – Fulda – Frankfurt (Main) – Mannheim – Karlsruhe (every two hours, one EC train pair via Basel to Zürich)
IC line 4 (gold): Hamburg-Altona – Hannover – Göttingen – Kassel-Wilhelmshöhe – Fulda – Würzburg – Augsburg – Munich (every two hours to Nuremberg)
IC line 5 (blue): (every two hours: Berlin – Potsdam – Magdeburg –) Braunschweig – Hannover– Bielefeld – Hamm – Dortmund – Hagen – Wuppertal – Solingen-Ohligs – Cologne – Bonn – Koblenz – Mainz – Mannheim – Karlsruhe – Freiburg (Breisgau) – Basel (new EC pairs of trains to Brig, Chur, Geneva, Interlaken, Milan or Sestri Levante)
EC line 5a (lilac): Amsterdam – Utrecht – Emmerich – Oberhausen – Duisburg – Düsseldorf – Cologne (every two hours, two EC train pairs on line 5 to Chur and Interlaken)
ICE line 6 (orange): Hamburg-Altona – Hannover – Göttingen – Kassel-Wilhelmshöhe – Fulda – Frankfurt (Main) – Mannheim – Stuttgart – Ulm – Augsburg – Munich
IC line 6a (grey): Oldenburg or Bremerhaven – Bremen – HannoverMeanwhile, a new type of express train – the InterRegio – was created in the late-1980s, replacing the old D-Zug services, providing semi-fast services to complement Intercity trains.
The new changes on 31 May 1992 were as follows:

IC line 1 (red): from Nuremberg to Munich
IC line 3 (green): Hamburg-Altona – Hannover – Göttingen – Kassel-Wilhelmshöhe – Fulda – Frankfurt – Mannheim – Karlsruhe (– Basel – Zürich)
ICE line 4 (yellow): either Bremen or Hamburg-Altona, to Nuremberg
IC line 6a (grey): every two hours Bremen – Hannover
IC line 8 (lime): Berlin – Flughafen Berlin-Schönefeld – Leipzig – Naumburg – Jena – Saalfeld – Probstzella – Lichtenfels – Bamberg – Erlangen – Nuremberg – Ingolstadt – Munich (every two hours)From 1996, IC line 8 was connected from Berlin to Hamburg, which together with IC line 7 between the two cities, which ran until 1998, created an hourly service. IC line 5 ran from 1997 via Hanover Magdeburg and Leipzig to Dresden instead of Berlin. as a result, the new ICE line 10 was established from Berlin to Cologne/Bonn. At the same time, the branch to Basel, which was previously served by IC line 5, was abandoned. The line now ended in Nuremberg. From 1998 the trains of ICE line 6 and ICE line 10 ran over the new Berlin–Hanover line.


=== Modern era ===
The next major change to Intercity services came about in 2002, with the opening of the Cologne–Frankfurt high-speed rail line largely to replace the West Rhine Railway, a major trunk route for Intercity services. While previous high speed lines in Germany had been designed for mixed usage, and could be used by Intercity trains, this line can only be operated by new ICE 3 units. This, along with the introduction of another generation of ICEs, the ICE T, saw large numbers of Intercity routes converted to ICE. Meanwhile, the InterRegio classification was abolished, and many of its services converted into Intercity routes.
As a result, the character of Intercity has changed. Having been on an almost equal footing with the ICE, it is very much secondary. While it still provides a high quality of service, trains now stop more frequently, and are more commonly found on lesser routes. Most current IC trains convey fewer first-class coaches, more open seating as opposed to compartments, and a Bistro Cafe (buffet car) instead of a restaurant or no on-board catering at all, although this is as much a reflection of the changing habits of modern passengers than it is a change in the status of Intercity trains. Lines 30 and 31 – Hamburg to Frankfurt/Stuttgart are the closest in character to a 'classic' Intercity train.


== Current services ==
Below are services as listed in the 2014 timetable. IC 50 has been replaced by ICE line 50, although some relief services operated on Fridays and Sundays and four train pairs a day on the Mid-Germany Railway still operate as IC line 50. Most IC 26 services are now (2019) operated as ICE line 26. Services on line 28 have generally been replaced by ICE line 28 but individual IC 28 services run between Berlin and Binz, Berlin and Rostock and Nuremberg and Munich. Some services on lines 30 and 31 are now operated as services on ICE line 30 and ICE line 31.


== Named services ==
Originally, all Intercity services had names, usually named after a famous figure from one of the cities along the route. Nowadays, fewer services are named, usually those that serve the extremities of the rail network. Names are usually taken from a geographical location along the route.


== Rolling stock ==


=== Motive power ===
The original Intercity services were hauled by the Class 103 electric locomotives, built in the early-1970s and capable of 200 km/h. Lesser routes were operated by Class 110 and 111 locos, but these had a lower maximum speed, and with line speeds increasing, their use became untenable. A new Class 120 was introduced in 1987, and these classes were relegated to Regional duties. In the mid-1990s the Class 101 was introduced, and these locomotives now dominate Intercity services, with the 103s having been largely retired in the early-2000s.
On non-electrified Intercity routes, such as Hamburg to Westerland, or Ulm to Lindau, Class 218 diesel locomotives are used, usually double-headed. For cross-border services, multi-voltage electric locos are needed, such as the Class 181 to France and Luxembourg or the Class 180 into the Czech Republic and Poland.
After German reunification, former Deutsche Reichsbahn locomotives could be found on Intercity services – not only the Class 180s, but the 112 (electric) and 219 (diesel) locos. While the 219s have been retired, the 112s are now solely used on Regional-Expresses due to their top speed of 160 km/h.
While most Intercity trains have been loco-hauled, a small number of services have been operated by multiple units: early services were operated by the VT 11.5 and Class 403 TEE units, while Nuremberg to Dresden route, was briefly operated by Class 612 DMUs in Intercity livery. This service was later classified as an Interregio-Express (part of DB Regio) and the units were painted in standard DB red. Through service on that route has since been withdrawn altogether with Mitteldeutsche Regio Bahn serving the electrified route from Dresden to Hof and DB Regio serving the route from Hof to Nuremberg.


==== Gallery ====


=== Coaching stock ===
Early Intercity trains used classic Eurofima stock, shared with TEE and D-Zug expresses, but with the growth of the network in the 1980s, and the inclusion of second class, large numbers of new air-conditioned coaches were built, which are still in use to this day. In the mid-1990s driving trailers were introduced on Intercity and Interregio services, which had the effect of speeding up journey times: many major German railway stations are termini, so a lot of Intercity services include at least one change of direction. With the demise of Interregio in 2002, a large number of IR coaches were incorporated in Intercity services – particularly second class coaches but also the Bistro Café, which has replaced a full restaurant on most routes.


==== Formations ====
Intercity trains are usually 7 to 11 coaches long, depending on the route. There are one or two first class coaches – one compartment coach, and one open on longer trains. A few routes still use restaurants, but most use a bistro cafe, which also provides half a coach of first-class accommodation. Most of the second class coaches are open, but with some compartments, and some ex-Interregio coaches. Cycle space is provided by the driving trailer, but these are not used on all routes, so there are some non-driving coaches with space for bicycles.


==== Livery ====
Intercity coaches were originally in the blue and beige colour scheme employed on D-Zug services, with first class coaches in the TEE dark red and beige. A rebranding of the Deutsche Bundesbahn in the mid-1980s saw a new colour scheme for Intercity services, orient red and light grey with a pastel pink stripe in between. When DB adopted traffic red as its corporate colour in the mid-1990s, this replaced orient red, with the pink stripe taken off, before a new livery was introduced in 2000s – based on the Intercity-Express, the coaches are all white with a red stripe.


==== Refurbishment ====
In 2012, DB began a programme of refurbishing the interior its Intercity coaches with decor similar to that found in the ICE3. Name of the programme is IC mod. The work is expected to be completed by 2014.


==== Overview ====


== Future rolling stock ==

Deutsche Bahn plans to replace most Intercity and Eurocity rolling stock with Intercity-Express ICE 4 electric multiple unit trainsets by 2025. ICE 4 is a Deutsche Bahn project to procure up to 300 fourth generation Intercity-Express trains to replace its existing Intercity fleets used on long-distance passenger services in Germany.In addition to the ICE 4, Deutsche Bahn has awarded Bombardier Transportation a contract to supply double-decker coaches for Intercity services. These kind of coaches are used in German Regional-Express trains, for Intercity services the coaches will get a more comfortable interior than in regional train double-decker coaches. In both classes only open coaches are provided, there will be no dining car. The double-decker coaches have been in service since 2015. Unlike most previous IC stock the new trains, marketed as "InterCity 2" by DB have a top speed of 160 km/h and are mainly intended for routes where higher speeds aren't possible or would offer little or no benefit with the ICE 4 to take over routes with maximum speeds between 160 km/h and 250 km/h. The IC2 is also intended to expand the Intercity network to cities that had lost their long-distance service upon withdrawal of the Interregio.


== See also ==
EuroCity in Germany
Intercity-Express
Trans Europe Express
InterCity (in other countries)


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Deutsche Bahn (in German)
DB Intercity 1 (IC1) (in German)
DB Intercity 2 (IC2) (in German)
Fernbahn.de – Information on long-distance train services in Germany (in German)
2021 Deutsche Bahn IC/EC Network
<|endoftext|>
Elisabeth Haich (born Erzsébet Haich; 20 March 1897 – 31 July 1994) was a Hungarian spiritual teacher and author of several books on spirituality.


== Life ==
She was born and raised in Budapest in Hungary. In 1941 with Selvarajan Yesudian, who arrived in Hungary from India in 1937, they founded Europe's first yoga school in Budapest. After the end of World War II in 1948, due to the communist regime, they had to close their school and flee to Switzerland, where they founded a new yoga school.In her best known book, Initiation, Haich describes early experiences of her life in Hungary, as well as details of her supposed past life during which she claimed to have been initiated as a priestess of Ra by her supposed uncle, Ptahhotep, in what she refers to as ancient Egypt.  The book also describes a little of a more recent claimed previous life in which she was a washing-woman, was abandoned by her lover, lost contact with her daughter, and ended up a beggar on the streets.
Her book The Wisdom of the Tarot is based on the Oswald Wirth deck's images (but some colors are different, for some details), and it is about the archetypes of human  development, each Tarot card identifying one archetype and its meaning.
Her book Sexual Energy & Yoga identifies how sexual energy, when contained, builds among one's chakras, boiling the ignorance resident among them, eventually awakening them, and making possible enlightenment.
Elisabeth Haich claimed to have attained "ego-death". It was described by her followers (mentioned in the introductions to her book) as visible in her gaze: "her gaze wasn't the gaze of a person, it was the gaze of infinity, and it wasn't blind to one's unconsciousness or ignoring: a gaze that cut right through one's unconsciousness, a gaze very difficult to bear."


== Books by Elisabeth Haich ==
Initiation.
The Day with Yoga
Sexual Energy and Yoga
Wisdom of the Tarot (co-authored with Selvarajan Yesudian)
Self Healing Yoga and Destiny
入門- 古埃及女祭司的靈魂旅程


== References ==


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
The Woman's Temperance Publishing Association (WTPA) was a non-commercial publisher of temperance literature.  Established in 1879 in Indianapolis, Indiana during the national convention of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU), it was a concept of Matilda Carse, an Irish-born American businesswoman, social reformer and leader of the temperance movement.The WTPA was designed as a joint-stock company and operated in Illinois.  No man could own its stock, as it could only be sold to WCTU women. It began with $5,000 of capital stock, which increased to $125,000. The Board of Directors consisted of seven women, including Carse. The WTPA was dissolved in 1903.


== Newspaper ==
At the first convention of the WCTU, the need of an official organ was recognized, and Abby Fisher Leavitt, of Cincinnati, moved the appointment of a committee "to consider the question of publishing a paper". The following June, the first number of the paper, called the Woman's Temperance Union, was issued, its first editor being Jennie Fowler Willing, of Illinois, and its publisher Mary Coffin Johnson, of New York. At an executive meeting held at the close of the Newark Convention in 1876, a publishing committee was appointed: Mary Towne Burt, New York; Jane M. Geddes, Michigan; Frances E. Willard, Illinois; Esther Pugh, Ohio; Harriet Maria Haven, Vermont; Zerelda G. Wallace, Indiana, and Caroline Brown Buell, Connecticut. Burt, Willard and Buell were made a quorum for the transaction of business. The quorum at once changed the name to Our Union, made Burt publisher, and Margaret Elizabeth Winslow, of Brooklyn, editor. In 1882, at the Louisville Convention, the paper was combined with the Illinois Signal under the name, Our Union Signal, and became the property of the Woman's Temperance Publication Association, which, although separately incorporated, was the publishing house of the National W. C. T. U.The weekly newspaper was named The Signal and its first issue appeared January 4, 1880; it was 16 pages in size. The first editor was Mary Willard, mother of Frances Willard, the second president of the WCTU. At the end of the first year, there were 3,200 subscriptions.  Eventually, readership reached over 90,000 subscribers. It employed 135 people.  "Thou hast given a banner to them that fear thee, that it may be displayed because of the truth" was the newspaper's motto. In 1882, The Signal merged with Our Union of New York to become The Union Signal.


== Other publications ==
In addition to the newspaper, the WTPA published article reprints called "Timely Talks".  After consolidating its "Illinois Workers' Leaflets", "National Leaflets" covered instruction in departmental work. The Oak and Ivy Leaf was written for young women, The Young Crusader was for children, and there were also several books. The Band of Hope Lesson Manual was published as a quarterly.


== Notable people ==
Katharine Lente Stevenson (1853–1919), temperance reformer, missionary, editor
Margaret Ashmore Sudduth (1859–1957), American educator, editor, temperance advocate


== References ==


=== Attribution ===
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Woman's Christian Temperance Union's Minutes of the National Woman's Christian Temperannce Union, at the Sixteenth Annual Meeting, Chicago, Illinois, November 8 to 13, 1889. With Address, Reports and Constitutions (1889)


=== Bibliography ===
Woman's Christian Temperance Union (1889). Minutes of the National Woman's Christian Temperannce Union, at the Sixteenth Annual Meeting, Chicago, Illinois, November 8 to 13, 1889. With Address, Reports and Constitutions. 16 (Public domain ed.). Chicago: Woman's Temperancne Publication Association.
<|endoftext|>
The coat of arms of Perth, Western Australia were originally granted to the City of Perth on 2 December 1926. They were altered with the slight addition of part of the arms of Perth, Scotland in 1949.
The coat of arms at the Council House in St Georges Terrace were removed in 1999 during renovations and not replaced.


== Description and symbolism ==
The shield of the arms contains the red cross of St. George as shown on the flag of England. The top-left quarter of the shield and the supporters are black swans which are common to the area and significant to the original name of the Swan River Colony. Black swans are also shown on the Western Australian arms and flag. The fourth quarter of the shield is taken from the arms of Perth, Scotland, the city after which Perth is named. The helm is a gold brickwork crown, indicating these arms are for a municipality, and the supporting swans wear similar crowns around their necks. The motto, Floreat, is Latin for "flourish" or "prosper".


== Blazon ==
The official description, or blazon, of the arms is:

Argent a Cross Gules, in the first quarter a Swan Sable upon water proper, and in the fourth quarter on an Escutcheon Gules within a double Tressure counter flory a Holy Lamb passant reguardant, staff and cross Argent with the banner of St Andrew proper, the whole ensigned with a Mural Crown Or; and for the supporters: on either side a Swan wings elevated Sable, beaked and legged Gules, and gorged round the neck with a Mural Crown Or; and for the motto: FLOREAT.


== See also ==
Coat of arms of Western Australia
Flag of Perth


== Notes ==
<|endoftext|>
Ralph Mevlin Graham (August 16, 1910 – October 14, 2005) was an American football, basketball, and tennis player and coach.  He served as the head football coach at the Municipal University of Wichita—now Wichita State University—in 1942 and from 1946 to 1947 and at Kansas State University from 1948 to 1950, compiling a career college football record of 21–39–1.


== Playing career ==
Graham, a native of El Dorado, Kansas, played football at Kansas State University under head coach Bo McMillin. Known as "Rammin' Ralph", he was a first team All-Big Six Conference  fullback each year from 1931 to 1933. He nearly led K-State to the Rose Bowl in 1931 before getting injured. Following his senior season, Graham was a starter in the East–West Shrine Game, becoming the first Kansas State football player to be named to an all-star game. Graham graduated as the all-time leading scorer at Kansas State, and held that record for 64 years until it was surpassed by kicker Martín Gramática in 1997.


== Coaching career ==
Upon graduation in 1934, Graham entered the football coaching profession as an assistant to McMillin, who moved from Kansas State to Indiana University that season. Graham remained an assistant football and basketball coach at Indiana until 1942, where he also earned a master's degree and was head coach of the tennis team. During this time, Graham was the top assistant for Branch McCracken's 1940 national championship basketball team.


=== Wichita ===
Graham returned to Kansas in 1942 to serve as athletics director and head football coach at the University of Wichita, now Wichita State University. During his first season as head coach, Graham led Wichita to a 5–4 record, including a win over his alma mater. After taking the next three seasons off to serve in World War II, Graham returned to Wichita to coach two more successful seasons in 1946 and 1947. Following the 1947 season he led Wichita to the Raisin Bowl, played on January 1, 1948.
Graham was the 18th head coach for the Shockers. His overall coaching record at Wichita was 17 wins and 13 losses. This ranks him fifth at Wichita in terms of total wins and 11th at the school in terms of winning percentage.


=== Kansas State ===
In the wake of his success at Wichita, Graham was hired as the 22nd head football coach at Kansas State in 1948. At the time he took the job, K-State was mired in a 26-game losing streak, the longest in NCAA history to that point. Graham managed to break the streak with a win in his third game. (The full 28-game streak is still the second longest in NCAA FBS history.) In his second season, Graham started 2–0 and Kansas State beat Colorado in the second to snap a 22-game conference losing streak. However, the season fell apart after that point and the team finished 2–8. After coaching one more season, and posting a 1–9 record, Graham resigned from Kansas State following the 1950 season with a 4–26–1 mark during his tenure. Notably, the situation Graham inherited at Kansas State was so bad that this record represented an improvement over the prior three seasons. During his years at Kansas State, Graham also coached the school's tennis team.
Following his years at Kansas State, Graham left the field of athletics.


== Racial integration ==
Graham was a pioneer in integrating collegiate athletics in the region. While at Kansas State he supported African American Harold Robinson in his football career and awarded him an athletic scholarship. Robinson broke the decades-long "color barrier" in the Big Seven Conference playing for Graham in 1949. Robinson later compared Graham to Branch Rickey, the general manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers who hired Jackie Robinson to integrate baseball in 1947.  Integration was also a priority at Wichita, where one of Graham's best players was also African American—running back Linwood Sexton.


== Head coaching record ==


=== Football ===


== See also ==
List of college football head coaches with non-consecutive tenure


== References ==


=== Additional sources ===
Fitzgerald, Tim. (2001) Wildcat Gridiron Guide: Past & Present Stories About K-State Football (ISBN 0-9703458-0-1)
<|endoftext|>
Peter Townsend is an American drummer from Louisville, Kentucky now living in Nashville, Tennessee. He has recorded and performed with Will Oldham in the bands Palace, Superwolf and Bonnie "Prince" Billy. He has also been featured on recordings and tours with King Kong, Nathan Bell, Human Bell, Nicolai Dunger, David Pajo, Brightblack Morning Light and many others.


== Discography ==


=== Palace Music ===
The Mountain (EP)
Lost Blues and Other Songs


=== Bonnie "Prince" Billy ===
I See a Darkness
Summer in the Southeast
Superwolf


=== Singles ===
"I Am Drinking Again"
"We All, Us Three, Will Ride" / "Barcelona"
"Cold and Wet"
"I Gave You"
"Love in the Hot Afternoon"
"Hombre Sencillo"
"Must Be Blind" / "Life in Muscle"
"There Is No God" / "God Is Love"
"Christmas Eve Can Kill You" / "Lovey Kravezit"


=== Cross ===
"Die Forever"


=== King Kong ===
Buncha Beans


=== Nathan Bell ===
Colors
Rain Music


=== Compilation ===
Musique Pour Statues Menhirs


=== Human Bell ===
Human Bell


=== Nicolai Dunger ===
Tranquil Isolations


=== Brightblack Morning Light ===
"Another Reclamation" (Live) split 7" with Lungfish


=== Speed to Roam ===
"Space Killer"
Speed to Roam
Later Days
Devils and Ghosts


=== Warmer Milks ===
Emblem (cassette)


=== Anna Ternheim ===
The Night Visitor


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Peter Townsend discography at Discogs
<|endoftext|>
Madeline Merlo (born February 9, 1994 in Maple Ridge, British Columbia) is a Canadian country pop singer-songwriter. She signed to Open Road Recordings in 2013 and released her debut album, Free Soul, three years later. In 2015, Merlo received the "Rising Star" award from the Canadian Country Music Association. In 2021, she signed with the Nashville-based BBR Music Group.


== Personal life ==
Madeline Merlo has always been surrounded by music. Her father was a funk musician, and the house was often filled with music. She had a desire to be a performer since the first time she sang in front of a crowd of people. In public school, she took part in her school talent show. She sang "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" and after that performance she decided that she wanted to be a singer.Throughout High School, Merlo played in a band and together they began gigging around. She also continued to hone her vocal skills by performing in musical theatre productions and taking every opportunity she could to further her skills as a performer.Madeline credits the first concert she ever attended to be the reason she pursued the genre of country music. The first concert she went to was of Canadian country icon Shania Twain. Seeing a successful Canadian woman from a small town gave Merlo the confidence to pursue country music.


== Career ==


=== Music career ===
At the age of 17, Before being signed, Madeline kept herself busy by writing music, and recording music with BC-based writer and producer Dan Swinimer. Swinimer signed Madeline to his production company "Manicdown Productions", and they worked together on a rigorous schedule for close to 2 years.
In 2012, Dan invited RGK Entertainment's Ron Kitchener to Vancouver to see Madeline perform at the Railway Club. After this performance, discussions began to sign Madeline to both RGK Entertainment and Open Road Recordings.
In 2013, Madeline was officially signed to RGK Entertainment and Open Road Recordings. A year later in February 2014, she released her debut single, "Sinking Like a Stone" which was produced and co-written by Swinimer. It charted for twenty weeks on the Billboard Canada Country chart, peaking at number 32.A self-titled extended play was released via Open Road Recordings on July 22, 2014. Her single "Honey Jack" became a national hit across Canada, landing her the opening slot on The Road Trip Tour alongside Dean Brody and Paul Brandt.
In 2015 Madeline Merlo won the CCMA Rising Star Award, and the BCCMA Female Artist of the Year. After those big wins, Madeline released a series of successful singles including "War Paint", "Over and Over", and "Whatcha Wanna Do About It" which entered into the top 10 at Canadian Country Radio. Her debut album Free Soul was released in 2016.
Her single "War Paint" from Free Soul resonated with fans on social media, and was the No. 1 Most Added country song in Canada in its debut week. The song was written from a very personal place. It was in response to the loss of one of her friends to mental illness. She dedicated the song to all those who suffer alone, hoping it might bring them hope, and a will to battle and survive.In 2017, "Motel Flamingo" was her 4th song to land in the Top 15 at Country Radio – a vibrant, upbeat track produced by Karen Kosowski, and a reflection of Madeline's unique tropical, bohemian vibe.
Her next single "Neon Love" in 2018 also managed to enter the Top 15 at Canadian country radio making it her 5th single to enter in the Too 15.
On April 13, 2020, Madeline won the first episode of the second season of Songland with her song "Champagne Night" written for Lady Antebellum and produced by Shane McAnally. She then released her seventh Top 20 single, "Kiss Kiss".


=== Acting career ===
In 2017, Merlo starred alongside Jana Kramer and Sophie Tweed-Simmons in the musical film, Country Crush, which saw her play the lead role of a young woman trying to make it as a country singer. She also did the singing voice of Sonata Dusk in My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Rainbow Rocks.


== Filmography ==


== Discography ==


=== Studio albums ===


=== Extended plays ===


=== Singles ===


==== Christmas singles ====


=== Music videos ===


== Awards and nominations ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Henry de Keighley (fl. 1297–1301) was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lancashire in 1297, 1298 and 1301.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The 1949 Tulane Green Wave football team represented Tulane University during the 1949 college football season


== Schedule ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Alan I. Marcus (born August 15, 1949) is the author of the history textbook Building Western Civilization: From the Advent of Writing to the Age of Steam (1998)  He is also the author of works focusing on the History of Technology, Science, Medicine, Intellectual History, and the History of Agriculture. His most recent work Malignant Growth: Creating the Modern Cancer Research Establishment, 1875-1915 was published in 2018 by the University of Alabama Press. He was a professor of history at Iowa State University from 1980 to 2005. He started his position as the head of the history department at Mississippi State University in 2005 and is currently in said position. He has received numerous awards and honors throughout his academic career.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The list of ship decommissionings in 1993 includes a chronological list of all ships decommissioned in 1993.


== See also ==
<|endoftext|>
Xiahou Dun (pronunciation ) (died 13 June 220), courtesy name Yuanrang, was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao during the late Eastern Han dynasty of China. He served for a few months under Cao Cao's successor, Cao Pi, before his death. As one of Cao Cao's most trusted generals, Xiahou Dun aided the warlord in his campaigns against Lü Bu, Liu Bei, Sun Quan and others.
Xiahou Dun lost his left eye when he was a hit by a stray arrow during a battle against Lü Bu in the late 190s, and subsequently became known among the rank and file as "One-eyed Xiahou". His image as a one-eyed warrior was popularised by the 14th-century historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms, in which he yanked the arrow out of his eye and devoured his eyeball.


== Early life ==
Xiahou Dun was from Qiao County (譙縣), Pei State (沛國), which is on present-day Bozhou, Anhui. He was a descendant of Xiahou Ying, who served under the Han dynasty's founding emperor, Liu Bang (Emperor Gao). He was notorious for his fiery personality as he once killed a man who insulted his teacher when he was just 13 years old. In 190, when Cao Cao was raising an army to participate in the campaign against Dong Zhuo, Xiahou Dun became an officer under Cao and fought in many battles. When Cao Cao was appointed as acting General of Uplifting Martial Might (奮武將軍) by the Han imperial court, Xiahou Dun was commissioned as a Major (司馬) and was ordered to garrison at Boma (白馬; near present-day Hua County, Henan). He was later promoted to Colonel Who Breaks and Charges (折衝校尉) and was appointed as the Administrator (太守) of Dong Commandery (東郡; the areas around present-day Puyang, Henan and Liaocheng, Shandong).


== Defence of Yan Province ==

In 193, Cao Cao left his base in Yan Province on a campaign against Tao Qian, the Governor of Xu Province, whom he held responsible for the murder of his father Cao Song. Xiahou Dun was left behind to defend Puyang, one of Cao Cao's key strongholds in Yan Province.While Cao Cao was away in Xu Province, his subordinates Zhang Miao and Chen Gong rebelled in Yan Province and defected to another warlord Lü Bu. At that time, Cao Cao's family members were in Juancheng County, so Xiahou Dun led a lightly armed force towards Juancheng to fetch them. He encountered Lü Bu's army on the way and engaged the enemy in battle. Lü Bu withdrew his forces and took advantage of Xiahou Dun's absence to conquer Puyang and capture much of Xiahou's supplies and equipment. Lü Bu later sent his men to pretend to surrender to Xiahou Dun, who fell for the ruse and was taken hostage by the enemy in his own camp. Lü Bu's men demanded a heavy ransom. Xiahou Dun's troops became fearful and confused when they heard that their commander had been taken hostage.Xiahou Dun's subordinate, Han Hao, led his men to outside Xiahou's camp, where he gave orders for the other officers to remain in their respective camps and not make any move. The situation in the other camps became stable. He then headed towards Xiahou Dun's tent and shouted at the hostage-takers, "You murderous traitors, how dare you take the commander hostage! Do you still expect to live? I've received orders to attack the enemy, so I won't let you have your way just for the sake of one officer." With tears in his eyes, he told Xiahou Dun, "This is the law. I've to follow it." Han Hao then ordered his men to attack the hostage-takers, who were shocked by his response and immediately gave up. The hostage-takers kowtowed and begged for their lives, "We only want to obtain some money for our use and we'll leave after that." Han Hao reprimanded them sternly and had them all executed. Xiahou Dun was saved.When Cao Cao learnt of the rebellion, he withdrew his army from Xu Province and returned to Yan Province to attack Lü Bu. Xiahou Dun participated in the battles against Lü Bu, and was hit in the left eye by a stray arrow during a skirmish. After the loss of his left eye, he was given the nickname "One-eyed Xiahou" (盲夏侯) in Cao Cao's army. Xiahou Dun hated this nickname and he would throw a mirror to the ground whenever he saw his own reflection. Lü Bu was besieged by Cao Cao in Puyang for over 100 days and he eventually abandoned the city when a famine broke out. Cao Cao seized back his territories in Yan Province previously lost to Lü Bu.


== Mid-career ==

Xiahou Dun was appointed as the Administrator (太守) of Chenliu (陳留; around present-day Kaifeng, Henan) and Jiyin (濟陰; near present-day Dingtao County, Shandong) commanderies, and held the rank of General Who Builds Martial Might (建武將軍). He was also enfeoffed as the Marquis of Gao'an District (高安鄉侯). While he was in office, a drought broke out and there was a locust infestation in the region. To counter these problems, Xiahou Dun spearheaded an agricultural programme, in which he instructed workers to dam up the Taishou River (太壽水; a tributary of the Huai River) to create a large pond. He personally participated in the construction works and also encouraged the people to grow crops in the inundated land. This programme greatly aided the people during those years of severe famine. He was later reassigned to be the Intendant of Henan (河南尹).Xiahou Dun did not participate in Cao Cao's campaigns in northern China against Yuan Shao, Yuan's sons and their allies throughout the 200s CE. Instead, he remained behind to defend Cao Cao's territories in central China. In 202, Cao Cao's rival Liu Bei, who had sought refuge under Jing Province's governor Liu Biao, received an order from Liu Biao to take advantage of Cao Cao's absence to attack Cao's base in the imperial capital, Xu (許; present-day Xuchang, Henan). In response, Cao Cao sent Xiahou Dun, Yu Jin and Li Dian to lead an army to resist Liu Bei and both sides clashed at the Battle of Bowang. Liu Bei burnt his camps and feigned retreat to lure the enemy into an ambush. Xiahou Dun and his men fell for the trick and were defeated in the ambush. Li Dian, who suspected an ambush and did not join in the pursuit, led reinforcements to help Xiahou Dun and Yu Jin. Liu Bei withdrew his forces after seeing Li Dian's approach.After the Battle of Ye in 204, Xiahou Dun was promoted to General Who Calms the Waves (伏波將軍) but retained his appointment as the Intendant of Henan. He was able to administer and oversee affairs smoothly without being hampered by layers of bureaucracy. In 207, Xiahou Dun was granted an additional 1,800 taxable households in his marquisate in recognition of his contributions, bringing the total number of households to 2,500.


== Later life and death ==
In 216, after a campaign against Cao Cao's rival Sun Quan, Xiahou Dun was ordered to station at Juchao (居巢; in present-day Chaohu, Anhui) and was placed in command of 26 juns (軍). As a reward for his contributions in battle, he received a number of performing courtesans to entertain him. The imperial order that came with the reward read: "When Wei Jiang (魏絳) pacified the Rong people, he was only rewarded with gold and riches. Don't you, General, deserve more than him?"In 219, when Cao Cao was on a journey back from Mobei (摩陂; southeast of present-day Jia County, Henan), he treated Xiahou Dun like a close aide by letting Xiahou ride in the same carriage as him and allowing Xiahou to enter his private quarters. At the time, Emperor Xian had made Cao Cao a vassal king under the title "King of Wei" (魏王) and granted him permission to set up an independent vassal kingdom, which was still nominally under Han imperial control. While many of Cao Cao's subordinates had been appointed to positions in his vassal kingdom, Xiahou Dun still held appointments under the Han central government. Xiahou Dun requested to serve in Cao Cao's vassal kingdom to show his loyalty, but Cao Cao told him, "I heard that the best rulers learn from their subjects while the second best befriend their subjects. Officials are noble men of virtue. Why lower yourself to serve such a small kingdom like Wei?" Xiahou Dun insisted, so Cao Cao appointed him as General of the Vanguard (前將軍). Xiahou Dun then led his men to Shouchun (壽春) and later garrisoned at Zhaoling (召陵).Around late 219, Xiahou Dun, along with Chen Qun, Huan Jie and others, urged Cao Cao to take the throne from Emperor Xian. Xiahou Dun said, "Everyone in the Empire knows that the Han dynasty's lifespan has come to an end and that there are many contenders seeking to replace it. Since ancient times, whoever succeeds in eliminating the people's troubles will win the hearts of the people and become their ruler. As of now, Your Highness has been fighting battles for over 30 years, you've made outstanding achievements and the hearts of the people are with you. You should follow the will of Heaven and the people. What's there to hesitate about?" Cao Cao replied, "'These qualities are displayed in government. This then also constitutes the exercise of government.' If the Mandate of Heaven does belong to me, I'll be like King Wen of Zhou."Cao Cao died in early 220 and passed on his vassal king title to his son, Cao Pi, who was still a nominal subject of Emperor Xian. Xiahou Dun was promoted to General-in-Chief (大將軍). He died some months later.The Cao Man Zhuan (曹瞞傳) and the Shiyu (世語) mentioned that Xiahou Dun once suggested to Cao Cao to eliminate Liu Bei first in order to force Sun Quan to surrender of his own accord, and then follow in the footsteps of the mythological rulers Shun and Yu by making Emperor Xian voluntarily abdicate the throne to him. Cao Cao accepted his proposal. After Cao Cao's death, Xiahou Dun regretted his words and fell sick and died. The historian Sun Sheng dismissed the Shiyu account as nonsense, saying that it did not match what was recorded in the main text of Xiahou Dun's biography in the Sanguozhi – Xiahou Dun felt ashamed of serving under the Han imperial court so he requested to serve in Cao Cao's vassal kingdom.


== Family ==

In late 220, Cao Pi forced Emperor Xian to abdicate the throne in his favour and established the state of Cao Wei, marking the end of the Han dynasty and the start of the Three Kingdoms period.
Cao Pi granted Xiahou Dun the posthumous title "Marquis Zhong" (忠侯), which literally means "loyal marquis". Xiahou Dun's original marquis title, "Marquis of Gao'an District" (高安鄉侯), was inherited by his son, Xiahou Chong (夏侯充). Later, in recognition of Xiahou Dun's past contributions, Cao Pi added 1,000 taxable households to Xiahou Chong's marquisate and made each of Xiahou Dun's seven sons and two grandsons a Secondary Marquis (關內侯).Xiahou Dun's younger brother, Xiahou Lian (夏侯廉), was also enfeoffed as a marquis. Xiahou Dun's second son, Xiahou Mao, married one of Cao Cao's daughters, Princess Qinghe (清河公主), and held high-ranking positions in the Wei imperial court. Xiahou Dun also had two other sons—Xiahou Zizang (夏侯子臧) and Xiahou Zijiang (夏侯子江).When Xiahou Chong died, his marquis title was inherited by his son, Xiahou Yu (夏侯廙). Xiahou Yu, in turn, was succeeded by his son Xiahou Shao (夏侯劭). According to the Jin Yang Qiu (晉陽秋), Xiahou Dun did not have any successor after his grandson, Xiahou Zuo (夏侯佐), died in 266.


== Appraisal ==
Although Xiahou Dun was a soldier for most of his life, he was receptive to scholarly arts and even invited notable scholars to his camp to tutor him. He led a frugal and simple lifestyle and used his excess wealth to help the needy. He took from official treasuries (instead of directly from the common people) when he did not have enough money. He also did not own much property.


== In Romance of the Three Kingdoms ==
Xiahou Dun is featured as a character in the 14th-century historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms, which romanticises the historical events before and during the Three Kingdoms period.
See the following for some fictitious stories in Romance of the Three Kingdoms involving Xiahou Dun:

Battle of Xiapi#Xiahou Dun losing his left eye
Battle of Bowang#In fiction


== In popular culture ==
Xiahou Dun is featured as a playable character in Koei's Dynasty Warriors video game series, as well as Warriors Orochi, a crossover between Dynasty Warriors and Samurai Warriors. He also appears in all instalments of Koei's Romance of the Three Kingdoms strategy game series.
There is a card based on Xiahou Dun, called "Xiahou Dun, the One-Eyed", in the Portal Three Kingdoms set of the Magic: The Gathering collectible card game.
The anime Battle Vixens, Koihime Musō, and Yuyushiki also make references to Xiahou Dun, in which he is known by his Japanese name "Kakōton".
Xiahou Dun also appears as a playable character in Total War: Three Kingdoms, and is prominently featured in the game as a general in the service of Cao Cao.


== See also ==
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms


== Notes ==


== References ==

Chen, Shou (3rd century). Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi).
de Crespigny, Rafe (2007). A biographical dictionary of Later Han to the Three Kingdoms (23–220 AD). Leiden: Brill. ISBN 978-90-04-15605-0.
Luo, Guanzhong (14th century). Romance of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguo Yanyi).
Pei, Songzhi (5th century). Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi zhu).
<|endoftext|>
Harris Hill Farm is a family-owned farmstead in New Milford, Litchfield County, Connecticut. It began as a dairy farm on Prospect Street in Wethersfield. George W. Harris was among the first farmers to import a specific breed of Brown Swiss dairy cattle to the United States. He acquired his first Brown Swiss in 1882, and the farm made its first exhibition of the breed at the Charter Oak Fair in Hartford in 1883.
The farm was moved in 1957 by George G. and Vivian Harris to New Milford.They farmed the land and ran a successful Brown Swiss cattle breeding program.  Harris Hill Brown Swiss were shown and sold nationally and internationally.   In 1981 George G. Harris started working for the National Brown Swiss Cattle Breeders Association at which time his future son-in-law took over the dairy operation.  Harris Hill Farm was a working dairy farm until 1987.  Upon George G's retirement, the Harris family started a pumpkin patch.  George, Vivian, their children and grandchildren all contributed to the operation.  Upon the death of George G and Vivian Harris, the next generation of The Harris Family (George O, Susan, and Janet) continues Harris Hill Farm.  In 2012 the Harris Family sold the development rights to 79 acres of the farm to the Town of New Milford and State of Connecticut.  Hay is produced by the family, a local farmer leases fields to grow feed corn, another local farmer leases pastures to raise sheep and The New Milford Youth Agency uses one field to raise garden vegetables for their summer program.  The Harris Family continues to own and operate the Pick Your Own Pumpkin Patch each October.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
The PNC Bank Building is a high-rise office building located in the Market West neighborhood of Center City, Philadelphia. Constructed in 1983, it is 491 feet (150 m) in height and has 39 stories. It houses offices for PNC Financial Services. It was constructed on the site of the Fox Theatre and the Stanley/Stanton/Milgram Theatre.
It is home to a number of businesses, including Huntington & Franklin, P.C., Philadelphia office of Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis, Zarella Law Office LLC, Stifel Nicolaus Weisel's Investment Banking group, BCD m&i., Marcum LLP, and the Tax Warriors of Drucker & Scaccetti, P.C. 


== History ==
Provident Mutual Life Insurance Co. was a former tenant of the building. In 1996, the New York-based real estate investment management firm Yarmouth Group oversaw a renovation for the new owners of the building purchased two years before.PNC Bank formally moved its regional headquarters and PNC Asset Management Group national headquarters to the 1600 Market Street building in 1997, occupying 15 floors.


== See also ==

List of tallest buildings in Philadelphia


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Douglas DC-8 was an American piston-engined airliner project by Douglas Aircraft. A concept developed more than a decade before the DC-8 jetliner, the piston-engined DC-8 was to have propellers in the tail, an idea first used at Douglas by Edward F. Burton on a fighter project. The airliner project was canceled after development costs made it commercially unviable.


== Design and development ==
Based on the cancelled XB-42, the program began shortly after the end of World War II. It was intended to operate on short- and medium-range routes, carrying between 40 and 48 passengers in a then-novel pressurized cabin (which had been pioneered by the Boeing 307 in 1938, but was still not in standard airline use).
The DC-8 was to use the same Allison V1710s as the XB-42 (these rated at 1,375 hp (1,025 kW)), fitted below and immediately behind the cockpit. They were to power contra-rotating propellers in the tail, as in the XB-42, by way of driveshafts under the cabin floor (an arrangement reminiscent of the P-39). This arrangement, also proposed for the Douglas Cloudster II general aviation aircraft, reduced drag by 30% and eliminated the problems associated with controlling the aircraft with one engine out. Cabin access would have been by airport stair through a single portside door.Despite performance predicted to significantly surpass conventional twin airliners, excessive complexity and high development costs (with consequent high sales price and operating costs) meant that less risky types, such as Convair's 240 and Martin's 2-0-2, were preferred, and the DC-8 was dropped before a prototype was built.


== Specifications (estimated) ==
Data from DC-8 that might have been General characteristics
Crew: three
Capacity: 40-48 passengers
Length: 77 ft 8 in (23.67 m)
Wingspan: 110 ft 2 in (33.58 m)
Height: 26 ft 9 3⁄4 in (8.17 m)
Wing area: 1,104 sq ft (102.6 m2)
Aspect ratio: 11:1
Airfoil: Douglas S-17
Empty weight: 24,415 lb (11,074 kg)
Gross weight: 40,000 lb (18,144 kg)
Powerplant: 2 × Allison V-1710-G4L/R liquid-cooled V12 engine, 1,600 hp (1,200 kW)  each (take-off power)Performance

Maximum speed: 280 mph (450 km/h, 240 kn) at 20,200 ft (6,200 m))
Cruise speed: 237 mph (381 km/h, 206 kn) at 10,000 ft (3,050 m) - 60% power
Range: 2,370 mi (3,810 km, 2,060 nmi)
Service ceiling: 30,500 ft (9,300 m)
Rate of climb: 940 ft/min (4.8 m/s)


== See also ==
Pusher configurationRelated development

XB-42 Mixmaster
XB-43 Jetmaster


== Bibliography ==
Notes
References


== External links ==
DC-8 'Skybus' concept
"Your Pin-up Douglas DC-8 Transport", February 1946, Popular Science bottom of page 96, art work Page 97
"Tail End Propellers Will Push The New Douglas Air Transport", November 1945, Popular Science early article revealing DC-8 design to general public
"New U.S. Transports" a 1945 Flight article on the DC-8 and Martin 202
<|endoftext|>
Remains of a Ruined, Dead, Cursed Soul is a compilation album by the French black metal band Mütiilation. It was the first material to be released in four years, and since the expulsion of The Black Legions. It compiles songs taken from the demo Evil - The Gestalt of Abomination, which was recorded in 1993, but never available to the public, and songs recorded after the release of Vampires of Black Imperial Blood, in 1996. In the liner notes of the release, Meyhna'ch explains he has died due to the lack of competence in the then scene of black metal.
This album was officially re-released in 2010 by Dark Adversary Productions (Australia).


== Track listings ==
"Suffer the Gestalt" (3:28)
"To the Memory of the Dark Countess" (6:33)
"Possessed and Immortal" (7:26)
"Through the Funeral Maelstrom of Evil" (8:39)
"Travels to Sadness, Hate & Depression" (7:54)
"The Fear that Freeze" (3:50)
"Holocaust in Mourning Dawn (French version)" (5:15)


== Notes ==
Tracks 1 to 5 are from Evil - The Gestalt of Abomination (1993).
Tracks 6 & 7 are from 1996.
The original Drakkar Productions CD release was only printed in 1000 copies.
The LP release by End All Life Productions in 2002 was only printed in 400, hand-numbered copies. The first 60 copies are printed on white covers with smeared pig blood, while the rest are simply printed red.


== External links ==
Album page on Encyclopaedia Metallum
CD release on Discogs
LP release on Discogs
(in French) Album review
<|endoftext|>
Sheila McNamee  is an American academic known for her work in human communication and social constructionism theory and practice.  She is a Professor of Communication at the University of New Hampshire and founding member, Vice President and board member of the Taos Institute. She has authored numerous, books, chapters, and journal articles. Her work focuses on appreciative dialogic transformation within a variety of social and institutional contexts including psychotherapy, organizations, education, healthcare, and local communities. She engages constructionist practices in a variety of contexts to bring communities of participants with diametrically opposing viewpoints together to create livable futures.
McNamee is married to a scholar of communication (Professor John Lannamann).  They reside in Durham, New Hampshire.


== Work ==


=== Founding Member ===
McNamee is a founder, board member and vice president of the Taos Institute. The Taos Institute is a nonprofit educational organization dedicated to the development of social constructionist theory and practices for purposes of world benefit. With over two hundred Associates around the world, the Taos Institute achieves their educational ends through conferences, workshops, publications, a Ph.D. program, distance learning programs, newsletters, learning networks, and web-based offerings. The Taos Institute also engages in collaborative partnerships with other national and international organizations.
Constructionist theory and practice locates the source of meaning, value, and action in relational process.  Through our shared constructions of the real, the rational and the good, communities are formed and ways of life secured.  New ways of life can also be envisioned and created through relational processes. And when communities conflict, it is also through such process that peace may best be restored.


=== Awards ===
Awards received by McNamee include Class of 1944 Professorship at the University of New Hampshire (2001-2004) and the Lindberg Award for Outstanding Scholar/Teacher in the College of Liberal Arts at the University of New Hampshire (2007–2008). Most recently, Sheila was added to the Fulbright Specialists Roster (2012-2017) and received a Fulbright Specialist Grant to work with faculty and students at the University of Caldas in Manizales, Colombia (May–June, 2012), exploring social constructionist theory and practice in social work, family development, social sciences, social research, conflict resolution, and mediation.

"Rather than approach conflict and problem solving with the goal of minimizing differences among perspectives and working toward consensus, we must develop processes for creating a system of co-existence and collaboration that entails incommensurate but respected positions of difference. If you understand how communication creates a way of seeing the world, you can understand how those different views are internally coherent; starting from this position, we invite ourselves and others to become curious about our differences (first) rather than judgmental." said McNamee


=== Author ===
Sheila McNamee is the author of several books on social construction.
Sheila co-authored Relational Responsibility: Resources for Sustainable Dialogue (1992) with Kenneth Gergen. In Relational Responsibility, Sheila and Ken question the tradition of individual responsibility and transform the concept of responsibility by giving centre stage to the relational process rather than to the individual - replacing alienation and isolation with meaningful dialogue.
McNamee co-authored Research and Social Change: A Relational Constructionist Approach (2012) with Dian Marie Hosking. In this book, Sheila and Dian Marie bridge scholarly forms of inquiry and practitioners’ daily activities. They introduce inquiry as a process of relational construction, offering resources to practitioners who want to reflect on how their work generates practical effects. Sheila and Diane Marie lay out relational constructionist premises and explore these in terms of their generative possibilities both for inquiry and social change work.


==== Selected Books and Book Chapters ====
McNamee, S. and Gergen, K. J. (Eds.) (1992). Therapy as Social Construction. London:  Sage. ISBN 0-8039-8303-4
McNamee, S. and Gergen, K.J. (1999).  Relational Responsibility: Resources for Sustainable Dialogue.  Thousand Oaks, California: Sage. ISBN 0-7619-1094-8
Deissler, K. G. and McNamee, S. (Eds.). (2000). Philosophy in Therapy: The Social Poetics of Therapeutic Conversation.  (Phil und Sophie auf der couch: Die soziale poesie therapeutischer gesprache).  Heidelberg: Carl Auer Systeme Verlag.
Hosking, D. and McNamee, S. (Eds.) (2006). The Social Construction of Organization Malmo, Sweden:  Liber and Copenhagen Business School Press. ISBN 87-630-0165-9
Anderson, H., Cooperrider, D., Gergen, K., Gergen, M., McNamee, S. and Whitney, D. (2008, 2nd edition).  The Appreciative Organization.  Ohio: Taos Institute Publications. ISBN 0-9712312-7-3
McNamee, S. and Hosking, D.M. (2012). Research and Social Change:  A Relational Constructionist Approach.  New York:  Routledge. ISBN 978-0-415-80671-8*McNamee, S. (under review).  "The difference of dialogue:  Toward a relational ethic."  In M. Riemslagh (Ed.), After you: Human Sciences on ethics in dialogical counselling.  Leuven, Belgium: Academic Publisher Peeters.
McNamee, S. and Moscheta, M. (in press).  "Relational intelligence and collaborative learning."  In G. J. van Schalkwyk and R.C. D’Amato (Eds.), Achieving Excellence in Asian University Teaching:  Collaborative Knowledge Construction in Higher Education.  New York:  Springer.
McNamee, S. (in press).  "Constructing Values and Beliefs:  A Relational Approach to Sustainable Development."  In J. Appleton (Ed.), Including Attitudes and Values in Sustainability Development Research.  Cheltenham, England:  Edward Elgar Publishing.
McNamee, S. (2011).  "Relational responsibility and clinical ethics."  In M. Bianciardi and F. Galvez Sanchez (Eds.), Psicoterapia come etica:  Conditizione postmoderna e responsabilita clinica ("Psychotherapy as Ethics:  The Postmodern Condition and Clinical Responsibility."  Torino, Italy:  Antigone di Torino (Italian edition) and Santiago, Chile:  Editorial Universitaria di Santiago del Chile (Spanish edition).
McNamee, S. (2007).  "Relational practices in education:  Teaching as conversation."  In Harlene Anderson and Diane Gehart (Eds.), Collaborative Therapy: Relationships and Conversations that Make a Difference.  London:  Brunner-Routledge, 313-335.
McNamee, S. (2005).  Creating new organizational realities together – theory meets practice. M. McKergow and J. Clarke (Eds.), Positive approaches to change:  Applications of solutions focus and appreciative inquiry at work.  Cheltenham, UK:  SolutionBooks, 25-37.
McNamee, S.  (2004). "Social construction as practical theory: Lessons for practice and reflection in psychotherapy."  In D. Pare and G. Larner, Collaborative practice in psychology and therapy.  New York: Haworth Press, Inc., 9-21.
McNamee, S. (2004).  "Relational bridges between constructionism and constructivism."  In J.D. Raskin and S.K. Bridges (Eds.), Studies in meaning 2: Bridging the personal and social in constructivist psychology. New York: Pace University Press, 37-50.
McNamee, S. and Shotter, J. (2004).  "Dialogue, creativity, and change."  In R. Anderson, L. Baxter, and K. Cissna (Eds.), Dialogic approaches to communication.  Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publication, 91-104.


== Notes ==


== References ==
Guanaes, Carla; Rasera, Emerson F. (2006). "Therapy as social construction: An interview with Sheila McNamee". Interamerican Journal of Psychology, Vol. 40, No. 1 pp. 127–136


== External links ==
Sheila McNamee, Department of Communication, University of New Hampshire
Taos Institute
Twitter
Social Construction Therapies Network
<|endoftext|>
David Robert Murray (born 30 September 1967) is an English former footballer.
Murray made six appearances in the Football League for Chester City during 1985–86, after earlier spells at Chorley and Wigan Athletic. He scored in a 2–2 draw at Northampton Town and also found the net for the Blues in a League Cup tie at Coventry City.Murray did not play for Chester again after they were promoted at the end of the season and he dropped into non-League football with Witton Albion.


== Bibliography ==
Sumner, Chas (1997). On the Borderline: The Official History of Chester City F.C. 1885–1997. Yore Publications. ISBN 978-1-874427-52-0.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Maker is the third studio album by Chris August. Fervent Records alongside Word Records released the album on April 7, 2015.


== Critical reception ==
Specifying in a four star review for CCM Magazine, Grace S. Aspinwall recognizes, "There's a distinctly personal feel to Chris August's new album, but he retains the signature pitch-perfect pop sound on The Maker", and claims "Overall, yet another incredibly strong and diverse project from Chris whose vocal just continues to be exquisite." Caitlin Lassiter, indicating in a four and a half star review by New Release Tuesday, realizes, "Lyrically, The Maker is August's strongest effort to date", and this according to her makes it "a project hard to find fault with, combining his captivating voice with different sounds and powerful lyrics", which it "succeeds as a well made record, while Chris August continues to make a mark on Christian music." Signaling in a three star review from Jesus Freak Hideout, Roger Gelwicks responds, "this is either business as usual or another step in the direction of mundane."  Brendan O'Regan, assigning a nine out of ten rating for Cross Rhythms, replies, "His latest scores highly on several fronts - the melodies are catchy, the songwriting sharp, the instrumental backing just right and the voice in top form. It's all delivered with confidence and ease."Laura Chambers, rating the album a 4.3 out of five from Christian Music Review, writes, "Chris August assures us that knowing God as healer, creator, savior, and father will change everything; the way we relate to others, the way we see ourselves, and ultimately who we are inside." Awarding the album four stars at 365 Days of Inspiring Media, says, "Well done Chris for these 11 tracks that mould together genres of worship, pop, soul and a whole lot of fun in between." Lindsay Williams, awarding the album four stars from The Sound Opinion, writes, "While August proves he’s more diverse than we often give him credit for, the descriptive, poetic language unearthed on The Maker is exactly the kind of lyrical genius that will propel the award-winning artist forward." Awarding the album three and a half stars at Louder Than the Music, Jono Davies says, "the quality of the songwriting is one of the major draws to this album." Writing a review for Christian Review Magazine, Christian St. John rating the album five stars, describes, "The Maker is a fine album and without a doubt one I will be returning to". Reggie Edwards, awarding the album nine stars out of ten for The Front Row Report, writes, "With The Maker, August channels some of the deepest parts of his soul and lays his heart out for everyone who will listen."


== Track listing ==


== Charts ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The 2017 Rugby League World Cup Europe qualification was a rugby league tournament held in October and November 2016 to decide the three European qualifiers for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup.
It consisted of a round-robin tournament which saw Wales and Ireland qualify by winning their respective tables. Italy claimed the final qualifying spot in the World Cup after winning a second place play-off against Russia on 4 November 2016.


== Overview ==
On 3 October 2014, the 2017 Rugby League World Cup qualifying competition was announced. Three European teams were granted automatic qualification, as they had reached the quarter-finals of the 2013 Rugby League World Cup; England, France and Scotland.
Ten teams were able to qualify for the qualification tournament, with the first being eliminated when Spain defeated Latvia on 9 May 2015.Wales and Ireland were granted entry to the qualification tournament. Both teams already had a chance to qualify for the World Cup during the 2014 European Cup, but failed to do so. One of the other tournament places was allocated to the winner of the European Championship C tournament, and the other three were allocated to the top three teams from the European Championship B.
Italy, Russia and Serbia finished as the top three teams in the European Championship B, with Ukraine being eliminated.Spain finished as the top team in the European Championship C, with Greece and Malta eliminated.


== Teams ==
Qualified teams for final phase:

 Wales were granted automatic entry as 1st seed
 Ireland were granted automatic entry as 2nd seed
 Serbia qualified as 3rd seed after finishing top of the Rugby League European Championship B.
 Russia qualified as 4th seed after finishing 2nd in the Rugby League European Championship B.
 Italy qualified as 5th seed after finishing 3rd in the Rugby League European Championship B.
 Spain qualified as 6th seed after finishing top of the Rugby League European Championship C.


=== Squads ===


==== Ireland ====
The final Ireland 22-man squad as of 9 October 2016 is as follows:
Coach:  Mark Aston


==== Italy ====
The final Italy 22-man squad as of 8 October 2016 is as follows:
Coach:  Cameron Ciraldo* Denotes a rugby union club.


==== Russia ====
The final Russia 22-man squad as of 6 September 2016 is as follows:
Coach:  Denis Korolev* Denotes a rugby union club.


==== Serbia ====
The final 22-man squad as of 5 October 2016 is as follows:
Coach:  Ljubomir Bukvic


==== Spain ====
The final 22-man squad as of 4 October 2016 is as follows:
Coach:  Darren Fisher* Denotes a rugby union club.


==== Wales ====
The final Wales 22-man squad as of 7 October 2016 is as follows:On October 14, Dai Evans was brought into the squad to replace Calvin Wellington who withdrew due to a hamstring injury.On October 21, 19-year old Ben Morris was called up to the squad to play in a mid-qualifying campaign test match against Jamaica.On October 29, Danny Ansell was called up to the squad with a possibility of playing in the last qualifying game against Italy.*Sam Hopkins was called into the team for the final qualifier against Italy after Jacob Emmitt withdrew due to a hamstring injury.
Coach:  John Kear


== Final Tables ==


=== Group A ===


=== Group B ===


== Fixtures ==


=== Russia vs Spain ===


=== Wales vs Serbia ===


=== Serbia vs Italy ===


=== Spain vs Ireland ===


=== Italy vs Wales ===


=== Ireland vs Russia ===


== Second place play-off ==

The final qualifying place was determined by a single knockout match held between the two group runners-up on 4 November 2016.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Sybertooth is a Canadian book publishing company based in Sackville, New Brunswick. They publish fiction, non-fiction, stage plays, and poetry.
Some of the authors published by Sybertooth include Leacock medal winner Donald Jack, poet laureate of Sackville, NB Douglas Lochhead, K.V. Johansen, cartoonist Steven Appleby, Leacock medal winner and broadcaster Max Ferguson, Shelagh Rogers, Rae Bridgman, PG Wodehouse scholar Norman Murphy, and Paul Marlowe.


== External links ==
Sybertooth website
<|endoftext|>
Stritch School of Medicine is the medical school affiliated with Loyola University Chicago. It is located at the heart of the Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood, Illinois. The medical campus includes Foster G. McGaw Hospital, Cardinal Bernardin Cancer Center, Center for Translational Research and Education, the Loyola Outpatient Center, the Loyola University Center for Health nd Fitness along with other administrative buildings and departments that branch off from the hospital. While the Loyola University hospital, outpatient clinic and satellite sites serve as the main places of teaching, the Edward Hines Veterans Administration (VA) hospital is within walking distance and also serves as a teaching hospital for the Stritch School of Medicine.
Stritch grants Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) degrees to its graduates.  Receiving a diploma requires successful completion of all coursework plus passing the U.S. Medical Licensing Exam Step 1, Step 2CS, and Step 2CK.


== Coursework ==
Stritch uses a unique curriculum as its approach to medical education. The first two years are done in blocks, with one class being the focus of each block. The first year includes Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, anatomy, physiology and immunology as its four main blocks. Second year includes Neuroscience, Pharmacology, Mechanisms of Human Disease (Pathology, Microbiology) and Behavioral Science, with the three latter classes being woven through three blocks concurrently. Third year is a year of required clerkships including Medicine, Surgery, Psychiatry, Family Medicine, Pediatrics, Obstetrics/Gynecology, and Neurology. Fourth year students take two required subinternships, which are wards and intensive care, along with a required emergency medicine clerkship and many other elective clerkships.
The school emphasizes professionalism, treating the human spirit, and a strong background in clinical skills. These aspects of the medical education are taught through lectures, small groups, mentoring and preceptor programs in a vertical curriculum of a class entitled "Patient-Centered Medicine." The aim is to provide first and second year medical students with not only the scientific knowledge to succeed in their clerkships and residencies, but also the clinical background to apply that knowledge.


== History ==
In 1909, around the same time that St. Ignatius College was rechartered as Loyola University, a new medical department was created, in affiliation with Illinois Medical School and Reliance Medical College. Its first regent, Rev. Henry S. Spalding, S.J. was approached in 1910 by Bennett Medical College about a merger, in the wake of the Flexner Report, which pressured many medical schools at the time to affiliate themselves with Universities.  The merger was approved by Rev. Alexander Burrows, S.J., president of Loyola at the time; the conglomeration passed to complete control of the trustees in 1915 and became the Loyola University School of Medicine.
In order to secure accreditation with the AMA, Loyola became one of the first medical schools to administer its own entrance exam to prospective students, thereby ensuring that the applicants were fully qualified.  They also sought to offer more formal scientific training, while at the same time updating their physical facilities.  By the end of Spalding's term as Regent in 1917, the standards of the school had been raised sufficiently to earn it an 'A' rating from the AMA.The Chicago College of Medicine and Surgery owned property and physical facilities ideally situated near the 2,700 bed Cook County hospital. This college with its laboratories and physical facilities was acquired in 1917 from Valparaiso University. Loyola University School of Medicine was accredited by the Council on Medical Education and Hospitals of the American Medical Association on February 9, 1920, and has been a member of the Association of American Medical Colleges since 1921.
On April 15, 1948, the Board of Trustees of Loyola University of Chicago unanimously approved a resolution to designate this school as the Stritch School of Medicine in honor of the deceased Samuel Stritch, Cardinal Archbishop of Chicago.
In 1968, a new medical school and 504 bed teaching hospital — the first two units of the new Loyola University Medical Center — were completed on a 60-acre (240,000 m2) tract of land in Maywood, Illinois. The new medical school was occupied in January 1969, and the University hospital opened its doors on May 21, 1969. In 1981, the Loyola University Mulcahy Outpatient Center, a comprehensive, multi-specialty clinic facility staffed by the faculty of the Stritch School of Medicine, was constructed to provide a full range of outpatient services.
In 1986, a Magnetic Resonance Imaging Unit was added to the Outpatient Center. The Vincent P. & Frances G. Russo Surgical Pavilion, containing a new 50 bed neonatal ICU, 16 operating rooms, 40 surgical intensive care beds, cardiac catheterization lab, pharmacy, cardiographics, and other support services, accepted its first patients in February 1987. The Emergency Medical Services Building opened in 1991 and the Cardinal Bernardin Cancer Center opened in 1994. The Stritch School of Medicine’s state-of-the-art building, dedicated to a new curriculum founded on principles of active learning and early clinical experience, opened in July 1997.


== Notable alumni ==
Bruce Lerman, cardiologist; Chief of the Division of Cardiology and Director of the Cardiac Electrophysiology Laboratory at Weill Cornell Medicine and the New York Presbyterian Hospital


== References ==


== External links ==
Stritch School of Medicine homepage
<|endoftext|>
Ilmarë, or Varda I, full designation 174567 Varda I Ilmarë, is the single known natural satellite of the Kuiper belt object and possible dwarf planet 174567 Varda. It was discovered by Keith Noll et al. in 2009, at a separation of about 0.12 arcsec, using discovery images taken by the Hubble Space Telescope on 26 April 2009, and reported in 2011. At approximately 326 km in diameter (about 45% that of its primary), it is the fourth or fifth-largest known moon of a trans-Neptunian object, after Pluto I Charon, Eris I Dysnomia, Orcus I Vanth and very possibly Haumea I Hiʻiaka. Assuming that Ilmarë has the same albedo and density as Varda, Ilmarë would constitute approximately 8.4% of the system mass, approximately 2.2×1019 kg.


== Name ==
Names for Varda and its moon were announced on 2014 January 16. Ilmarë (Quenya: [ˈilmarɛ]) is a chief of the Maiar and handmaiden to Varda, the queen of the Valar, creator of the stars, and principal goddess of the elves in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional mythology.


== Characteristics ==
Ilmarë and Varda are tightly bound, with a separation of about 13 Varda radii, and a consequently low angular momentum. Along with the high inclination of Varda's orbit, they are similar in this way to the Orcus–Vanth and Salacia–Actaea systems. As of 2015 two mirror orbital solutions are possible with slightly different orbital parameters. The calculated eccentricity is inconsistent with the likely age of the system, suggesting that it might be spurious, but the expected age is also contradicted by suggestions that Varda may not be tidally locked.If Ilmarë and Varda have the same albedo, Ilmarë would be 163+19−17 km in radius, or approximately 8.4% the volume of Valda. If the two bodies also have the same density, Ilmarë would then have approximately 8.4% the system mass of (2.664±0.064)×1020 kg. 
If, however, the albedo of Varda is 50% greater than that of Ilmarë, Ilmarë would have a radius of 191+22−21 km and the bulk density of the system would be 1.31+0.52−0.36 g/cm3. If Ilmarë has a 50%-greater albedo, then its radius would be 137+16−15 km and the bulk density would be 1.18+0.47−0.33 g/cm3. Because the absolute magnitudes of the two bodies at different wavelengths are similar, it's not likely that their albedos differ by much, so Ilmarë is likely to be in this size rage.


== Notes ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Association Sportive des Forces Armées Royales (Arabic: الجمعية الرياضية للقوات المسلحة الملكية‎; ASFAR), also known as the Royal Army Club (Arabic: نادي الجيش الملكي‎), is a professional sport club based in Morocco's capital city (Rabat-Salé).
The club was founded in 1958 soon after Morocco had gained their independence, and is one of the most famous football clubs in Morocco. ASFAR  is an abbreviation for Sports Association the Royal Armed Forces. 
ASFAR is the Most winning official titles in total 29 titles, And became the first club in Morocco to win one of the African cup competitions, the African Cup of Champions Clubs in 1985, and has never been relegated to the Moroccan Second Division, with his Historical rivals Wydad Casablanca and Raja Casablanca, and matches Between the parties are known as "Moroccan Clasico", And a big other match are known as "Capital city Derby" against his neighbor FUS Rabat.ASFAR is the most successful Moroccan club of the 20st century, and was ranked first locally, 10 continental and 201 universally, in the international rankings of clubs during the first ten years of the 21st century (2001-2010), issued by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics in 2011.[3]


== History ==

The ASFAR was founded on 1 September 1958, by the initiative of the Crown Prince at Molay Al Hassan, who was from football fans, After a decree signed, As a High Commander of the Moroccan Royal Army. 
The exploration of players from the Royal Armed Forces، and work with them to develop all levels (technical level, fitness management, sportsmanship.) for an integrated team.
One year after its creation, the football team, still in second division, wins his first Throne Cup. The same year the club ranks first in division of the Moroccan Championship. In Moroccan Throne Cup, they manage to hide in eighths of final and then face the Wydad Casablanca, the latter is beaten on the score of 1–0. During the final quarters, the military defeat the Fath Union Sport Rabat at the first Capital city derby opposing them, The ASFAR win this match on the 3–1 score.
The final took place on December 14, 1959 face Mouloudia Oujda won the first two editions of the throne cup and prepares to make a triple while the military, for their first season, a cut of the throne would be the ideal. Finally the ASFAR win this match on the 1–0 score that is stuck at Stade Mohammed V.The period 1959-1971 is the ASFAR's Age's golden during which it won seven champion titles and two throne cups. It was also the period of the Great Team with players who marked the club's history as Benslimane, Bamous, Fadili, Bakha, Khalifa, Ammar, Allal, Ammari, and so many others. The framework of the Moroccan National Team of the time consisted of ASFAR players.


== Grounds ==


=== Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium ===

Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium (Arabic: مركب الأمير مولاي عبد الله‎) is a multi-purpose stadium in Rabat, Morocco. It is named after Prince Moulay Abdellah of Morocco. It was built in 1983 and is the home ground of ASFAR. It is currently used mostly for football matches and it can also stage athletics. The stadium holds 52,000. Since 2008 it is host of the Meeting International Mohammed VI d'Athlétisme de Rabat. It was a confirmed venue for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations until Morocco was stripped of its hosting rights. It was also a venue for the 2014 FIFA Club World Cup.


=== Sports Center of FAR ===


== Honours ==


=== Domestic ===


==== Leagues ====
Moroccan League First Division
Winners (12): 1961, 1962, 1963, 1964, 1967, 1968, 1970, 1984, 1987, 1989, 2005, 2008
Runners-up (7): 1960, 1971, 1991, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2013Moroccan League Second Division
Winners (1): 1959


==== Cups ====
Moroccan Throne Cup
Winners (11) – Record: 1959, 1971, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1999, 2003, 2004, 2007, 2008, 2009
Runners-up (5): 1988, 1990, 1996, 1998, 2012
Moroccan Super Cup
Winners (4) – Record: 1959, 1961, 1962, 1963


=== International ===
CAF Champions League
Winner (1): 1985CAF Confederation Cup
Winner (1): 2005
Runners-up (1): 2006Afro-Asian Club Championship
Runners-up (1): 1986African Cup Winners' Cup
Runners-up (1): 1997CAF Super Cup
Runners-up (1): 2006


=== Friendly competitions ===
Trofeo Semana del Sol
Winner (1): 1977Mohammed V Trophy
Runners-up (2): 1967, 1970North African Cup of Champions
Runners-up (1): 2008International elite championship
Runners-up (1): 2008Ahmed Antifit Tournament
Runners-up (1): 2009


== Records and statistics ==


=== Top scorers in Botola ===

The ASFAR controls the title of Top scorers in Botola, which has the largest number of scorers a total of 14 times.[4]


=== National competitions ===
The ASFAR was the first Club to win the Botola in four consecutive years (1961-1962-1963-1964) and the only team that achieved a triple throne Cup on two occasions, years (1984-1985-1986) and years (2007-2008-2009), and was the only team that has honorably keep the glasses in his locker.[5]

* The club has made a year after having been suspended by the Moroccan federation. Because when the season that preceded, the club had lost a match by 3–0 against the MAS and players had beaten the referee at the end of the meeting. During this year, the team had played tournaments and friendlies.


== Performance in CAF competitions ==

At the continental level, AS FAR is the first Moroccan club to have participated in an African Cup; It was in 1968, when it has reached the stage of the semi-finals of the African Cup of Champions Clubs. She was also the first Moroccan club to win the CAF Champions League, in 1985.

CAF Champions League: 6 appearances2005 – Second Round
2006 – Second Round
2007 – Group stage
2008 – Preliminary Round
2009 – First Round
2014 – Preliminary RoundAfrican Cup of Champions Clubs: 5 appearance1968 – Semi-finals
1985 – Champion
1986 – Quarter-finals
1988 – Semi-finals
1990 – Second RoundCAF Confederation Cup: 5 appearances2004 – Intermediate Round
2005 – Champion
2006 – Finalist
2010 – First Round
2013 – Intermediate RoundCAF Cup Winners' Cup: 5 appearances1987 – Quarter-finals
1997 – Finalist
1999 – Quarter-finals
2000 – Quarter-finals
2001 – Second RoundCAF Super Cup: 1 appearances2006 – Finalist


=== African cups all-time statistics ===
As of 26 March 2019


== Players ==


=== First team squad ===
As of 25 September, 2020.

Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.


== Managers ==


=== Current technical staff ===
Last updated: 21 March 2019


=== Former coach ===


== Sports Club ==
There are several other sporting branches in the club besides football professionally and the results of the Club in those prestigious results are sports and distinct local and continental levels.


== Supporters ==
ASFAR has the third largest number of supporters of any team in Morocco After the Raja Casablanca And Wydad Ac The greater the focus of fans are in The region Rabat-Salé-Kénitra, It has a population of 4,580,866.
Also, the club has an important fan base inside the country, where several towns are renowned for counting vast majorities of ASFAR supporters, and outside the borders, among Moroccan emigrants.
The ASFAR Ultras movement began in 2005, when the bases of Ultras Askary Rabat (UAR) And The second group Black Army (BA) was created in 2006, Their sanctuary is the southern Included of the Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium.[6]

		
		
		


== References ==


== External links ==
Official club website
Official supporters website
<|endoftext|>
Glenn Barden was one of the series producers of the National Geographic series One Strange Rock hosted by Will Smith.
He became known in the UK in 2000 for creating the controversial television endurance show Touch the Truck, which was described by the Sunday Times as "the worst tv idea ever".


== Education ==
Barden went to school in Brighton. He studied Management and Chemical Sciences at University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology and graduated with a BSc 2.1.


== Career ==
Barden started his television career at MTV Europe, first working as a writer at MTV News. He later became a senior miner of the Creative team created and designed their primetime comedy and gossip show MTV Hot. The show's attitude and style were later used as the basis of Channel 4's Popworld.
In 1999 he was series producer of the BBC2 music series Acetate. 
In 2000 he produced and directed Hellraisers, a documentary on notable bad boys Oliver Reed, Keith Moon and Richard Harris. When broadcast on Channel 4 on a Saturday night it attracted over 2 million viewers.In the same year, he formed the independent production company Vashca.  Their output includes Bravo series I Predict a Riot and Virgin One's Rageh Omaar's Crime Invasion as well as the documentary The Real Dirk Diggler about the seventies porn star John Holmes.In 2008 Barden left Vashca to return to freelance television work. 
In 2010 he was the series producer of Celebrity Masterchef 2010.
The show was nominated as Best Factual Programme at the National TV Awards. 
In 2011 he was Series Producer of the National Geographic series The'90s: The Last Great Decade. 
In 2014 he produced and directed two episodes of The Brain with David Eagleman.
In 2016 he began work on One Strange Rock as Series Producer. He worked on the series for almost 3 years.
The series won three Wildscreen Awards and was nominated for Best Science Documentary at the Grierson Awards 2018. 
Barden is the author of the novel My Little Soldiers, a romantic comedy about a man with infertility issues. It was published by Piranha Press in 2014.


== References ==
General"Keystaff". Bigger Pictures. Archived from the original on 2010-03-14. Retrieved 2010-04-04. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Robins, Jane (2001-01-12). "Can show's contestants stay awake? Can the viewers? - Media, News". London: The Independent. Retrieved 2010-04-04. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)Specific
<|endoftext|>
Greenville Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Greenville, Pitt County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 51 contributing buildings in the central business district of Greenville.  It includes buildings dated from about 1914 to 1952 and notable examples of Greek Revival and Queen Anne style architecture.  Located in the district and listed separately are the Pitt County Courthouse (1911) by Milburn, Heister & Company and U.S. Post Office (1913). Other notable buildings include the Proctor Hotel (1911), Montgomery Ward Department Store (1929), Dail-Hodges Building (1919), Blount Building (1924), Greenville Bank and Trust (c. 1915), Smith Electric Building (c. 1933), Greenville Municipal Building (1929) designed by Benton & Benton, Blount-Harvey Department Store (1923), White's Theater (1914), Charles Greene House (1860), and the Robert Lee Humber House (1895).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003, with a boundary increase in 2009.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Annals of Clonmacnoise (Irish: Annála Chluain Mhic Nóis) are an early 17th-century Early Modern English translation of a lost Irish chronicle, which covered events in Ireland from pre-history to 1408. The work is sometimes known as Mageoghagan's Book, after its translator Conall the Historian.


== Translation ==
The Irish chronicle was translated into English, in the style of the Elizabethan period, in 1627 by Conall Mag Eochagáin, of Lismoyny (Co. Westmeath), near Clara, Co. Offaly. Mag Eochagáin dedicated this translation to his brother-in-law, Toirdhealbhach Mac Cochláin, whose family was among the last to uphold and practice native Irish Gaelic customs.
The translation was completed on 20 April 1627, in the Castle of Lemanaghan in County Offaly. The original manuscript of Mag Eochagáin's translation is lost, but there are several copies of it in both the Library of Trinity College and in the British Museum.
The original work was in Irish Gaelic. Mag Eochagáin more than once refers "to the ould Irish book out of which he wrote, to the old Irish book which he translates, out of which many leaves were lost or stolen.." Mag Eochagáin seems to have preserved the value of the original Gaelic phraseology and rendered it every justice as far as we can determine in the absence of the original manuscript.


== Provenance of the original chronicle ==

The original manuscript or manuscripts of the Irish annals are lost, and the names of its compilers are unknown. These annals have usually gone by the name of the Annals of Clonmacnoise, because the work was thought to be based on materials gathered at the monastery of Clonmacnoise, though there is some doubt about this. In the book itself there is nothing to show why it should be called by this name. However, the Annals do give special prominence to the history of the parts of the country on both sides of the River Shannon at Clonmacnoise and to the families inhabiting the areas of Uí Maine (Hy Many) surrounding them, namely O'Kellys, O'Rourkes, O'Molloys, O'Connors and McDermotts. In addition, the text bears close similarities to the so-called Clonmacnoise-group of annalistic texts. The principal value of these Annals arises from the historical details given of these districts and families which are not found to the same extent elsewhere.


== Contents ==
The Annals give the history of Ireland and the areas surrounding Clonmacnoise from the creation of man to the year 1408. Mag Eochagáin points out that several parts of the original work are missing as from 1182 to 1199 and again from 1290 to 1299. He states that the originals were destroyed not merely by the books being burnt by marauding Vikings but also by tailors cutting the leaves of the books and slicing them off in long pieces to make their measures.


== Edition ==
The translation of the Annals was first published in Dublin in 1896 and again reprinted by Llanerch Publishers in 1993.  Scholars have repeatedly called for a new edition as Murphy's edition has been deemed inadequate for modern scholarly purposes. Such scholars include Prof David Dumville who has bemoaned the "poor textual condition of the Annals of Clonmacnoise and the lack of adequate modern criticism of that text".  Dr Nollaig O Muraile has also expressed a wish that someone will undertake one of "those great desiderata in this particular field – namely new, up-to-date editions of the Annals of Tigernach, of Mageoghegan's Book" (i.e. the Annals of Clonmacnoise).
Murphy, Denis (ed.). The Annals of Clonmacnoise. Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland. Dublin, 1896. PDFs available from the Internet Archive here and here.


== See also ==
Conall MacGeoghegan
Irish annals
The Chronicle of Ireland


== Notes ==


== References ==
Oxford Concise Companion to Irish Literature, Robert Welsh, 1996. ISBN 0-19-280080-9
Chronicles and Annals of Mediaeval Ireland and Wales, David Dumville and Kathryn Grabowski, 1984.


== External links ==
Annals of Clonmacnoise
<|endoftext|>
Graeme Pearman  (born 1941) was Chief of CSIRO Atmospheric Research in Australia from 1992 to 2002, and is an international expert on climate change. He left CSIRO in 2004 to establish his own consultancy company and take up a position with Monash University. He conducts briefings for the media, government, industry and environmental groups.Pearman has published over 150 scientific papers. Major awards received include the CSIRO Medal in 1988 and the UNEP Global 500 Award in 1989.  He was elected fellow of the Australian Academy of Science in 1989 and Fellow of the Royal Society of Victoria in 1997. He was made a Member of the Order of Australia in 1999, and received a Centenary Medal in 2001.


== See also ==
Effects of global warming on Australia
CSIRO Marine and Atmospheric Research
Google Scholar search for author:GI-Pearman


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Gressholmen Airport (Norwegian: Gressholmen sjøflyhavn) was a water aerodrome situated the island of Gressholmen in Oslo, Norway. It served as the main airport for Oslo from 1927 to 1939, along with Kjeller Airport. The aerodrome consisted of docks, a landing ramp, terminal building and a hangar and used a section of the Oslofjord as its runway. Being located on an island it was necessary to transport passengers by boat to the island. The airport only operated during the summer, typically from May through September.
Oslo's first airport was located on the neighboring island of Lindøya, but the authorities preferred Gressholmen as a location. Although plans surfaced in 1919, funding was not ensured until 1926. Norsk Luftruter received a concession to operate the airport, ground handling and the ferry service. Deutsche Luft Hansa commenced the first service on 18 July 1927, flying from Oslo via Gothenburg and Copenhagen to Szczecin. The following year the terminus was moved to Travemünde outside Lübeck. The airport was also used by Halle & Peterson's Norway Post flights during the early 1930s and by Widerøe in 1934.
Norwegian Air Lines (DNL) started domestic flights and an international service to Amsterdam in 1935. Deutsche Luft Hansa moved its flights to Kjeller from 1938 and from 1 July the following year all civilian traffic was transferred to Oslo Airport, Fornebu. Gressholmen saw a limited amount of use by the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service, the Luftwaffe and the Royal Norwegian Air Force until it was closed in 1946. Most of the facilities, including the hangar, remain today and are used for a marina.


== History ==


=== Establishment ===

Plans for an airport serving Oslo were first presented by Det Norske Luftfartrederi in 1919. The airline proposed that Lindøya, an island located immediately north of Gressholmen, would be a suitable site. The issue was debated in Parliament, as the airline proposed leasing 2 hectares (4.9 acres) of the island from the state for 99 years. Oslo Port Authority opposed, stating that the use of Lindøya would interfere with the ship traffic in the port. Instead, they proposed that Gressholmen would be a more suitable location. A committee was appointed by the Ministry of Defense—which was at the time responsible for aviation policy—to look into the construction of airport. It concluded that airports should be state-owned, and that the state should grant sufficient funding to establish an airport in Oslo. This would allow for the establishment of a service to Copenhagen, and possibly at a later date domestic flights to Trondheim, Bodø and Harstad. The issue was dismissed by Parliament.The issue was considered by Parliament again in 1923. By then Oslo Municipality had issued a grant of 130,000 Norwegian krone (NOK) under the explicit condition that the state finance the rest of the airport. The total cost of construction was estimated at NOK 275,000. Parliament debated issuing NOK 50,000, but the proposal failed to gather a majority. An air route had by then been established from Hamburg via Malmö to Gothenburg and the airline offered to extend it to Oslo if a suitable airport was built. The issue resurfaced in Parliament in both 1926 and 1927. The main argument from those opposing the airport was that they did not believe that commercial aviation had any potential. NOK 10,000 was granted in 1926, but further funding was not made available.

Construction commenced in 1926 and was completed the following year. This included the construction of a hangar and a slip. Wilhelm Meisterlin established the company Norske Luftruter. It did not have its own aircraft, but instead cooperated with Deutsche Luft Hansa. Norske Luftruter bought a boat, MB Ørn I, and was responsible for ground handling for Deutsche Luft Hansa, ground transport and the operation of the airport. Within a month Norwegian Air Lines was established and it also applied to operate the airport and affiliated service, but this was rejected by the state. Instead, DNL was granted a concession to operate a ferry service from Oslo East Station to Gressholmen.


=== Operation ===
Deutsche Luft Hansa originally used Dornier Do J Wal aircraft. German mechanical crew arrived on 11 July and the first landing took place on 16 July, surrounded by festivities. The first revenue landing took place at 18:30 on 18 July. The route flown was from Szczecin via Copenhagen and Gothenburg to Oslo. In addition to passengers, the service had carried post. Flights lasted until 30 September when the season ended. Deutsche Luft Hansa had then flown 636 passengers and 9,591 kilograms (21,145 lb) of post.

The 1928 season commenced on 21 May, seeing the route reduced to three weekly services and the southern terminus of the route moved to Travemünde outside Lübeck. This allowed for the introduction of the larger ten-passenger Rohrbach Ro V Rocco aircraft. It made only seven flights, the last on 16 June, before it was taken out of service as the airline deemed it unsuitable. From 20 June the service was flown using a Dornier Do R Superwal, the first service used by the new class of aircraft. The 1939 season lasted from 21 May to 31 August, and was served using Dornier Wals and Superwals. From 1930 a daily service was again introduced. The number of connections from Lübeck increased, featuring Berlin, Prague, Vienna and Paris. By then the annual ridership had increased to 935. Patronage fell in 1931 to 774 and to 582 the following year. Deutsche Luft Hansa widened its season in 1933 to encompass services from 1 May to 30 September, allowing ridership to increase to 1,230. From 1934 the airline introduced Junkers Ju 52 aircraft and recorded 2,387 passengers.

Norsk Luftruter bought a LFG V 13 in 1928, which they converted to floats and based at Gressholmen. The following June a second similar aircraft was delivered and the company started flying a service from Gressholmen via Lillehammer to Bygdin. Otherwise they were used for various charter and joy rides. The airline sold both aircraft in 1932. The Lindøya-based Holm & Bøe started ferry services to Gressholmen in the early 1930s on contract with the airlines. From the early 1930s Norway Post started leasing designated postal night flights, which were flown by Halle & Peterson. However, by were stopped in 1932 due to lack of funding. From its establishment in 1934, Widerøe conducted their flights out of Oslo to towns along the coast. However, they soon moved their Oslo operations to Ingierstand on the mainland.A 1930 government-appointed civil aviation commission concluded in 1932 that a single, large national airline be established. To fill this role, the Fred. Olsen & Co.-backed Norwegian Air Lines was established. Norsk Luftruter ceased operations in 1934. Fred. Olsen subsequently took over the ferry service, operation of the airport and ground handling.

DNL was granted a ten-year monopoly on all domestic flights on 5 April 1935. This initially consisted of a sea plane route from Oslo along the coast to Tromsø and an international route from Oslo via Kristiansand to Amsterdam. DNL received NOK 200,000 in state grants, plus NOK 100,000 from Norway Post, for the first year of operation. Services commenced on 7 June with a wet leased Ju 52 from Luft Hansa on the international route. The domestic routes were flown using Junkers W 34. It bought a new ferry, MB Teist. DNL's travel time from Oslo to Bergen was four and a half hours, with intermediate stops in Moss, Arendal, Kristiansand, Stavanger and Haugesund.DNL struck a deal with Pan American World Airways in 1936 to start transatlantic flights and bought a Sikorsky S-43. The deal with Pan Am fell through, by Valkyrien became a regular aircraft at Gressholmen. The same year DNL subcontracted the operations of the ferries to Holm & Bøe, when they took delivery of their new ferry, MS Oslo IX. It served until the closing of the aerodrome. Deutsche Luft Hansa ceased operations at Gressholmen after the 1937 season. It introduced wheeled Ju 52s and moved its flights to Kjeller Airport.


=== Closing ===
Throughout the late 1920s and 1930s, Oslo had a split airport model. Land planes operated out of Kjeller, while seaplanes operated out of Gressholmen. This was by many regarded as a suboptimal solution, largely because both airports had poor ground transport. The Norwegian Aero Club proposed several new locations in 1930, including Ulven and Ekeberg. Also the 1932 committee appointed by the Ministry of Defense was critical to Gressholmen, in part because the ferrying of passengers would become impractical with increased traffic, and in part because it interfered with the ship traffic in the port. It estimated that land planes would be dominant in the future, and looked into eight possible locations. It concluded that Fornebu, located in the neighbouring municipality of Bærum was the most suitable. It also felt that Ulven and Ekeberg could be suitable sites.The government appointed several airport committees through the 1930s, and they all concluded with Fornebu as the most suitable location. The proposal was approved by the government in 1934. Oslo Municipality bought the land in September and construction started within days. Fornebu opened on 1 June 1939, causing the closure of Gressholmen as a civilian airport. However, the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service took it into use.At the break-out of Operation Weserübung—the start of the German occupation of Norway on 9 April 1940—the Luftwaffe bombed Gressholmen at 08:30. At the time there were two Junkers Ju 52s at the airport, one was for the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service and the other was intended for civilian use. Throughout the Second World War there was some German activity at the airport. After the end of the war Gressholmen was taken over by the Royal Norwegian Air Force. However, they only remained at the aerodrome until 1946. They retained ownership of the facility until 1953 when it was sold to ferry operator Båtservice, who refurbished the hangar and docks and used it for winter storage of their ferries.


== Facilities ==
The airport was located on Gressholmen, an island situated in the Oslofjord, close to downtown Oslo, only accessible by boat. It consisted of a hangar, a terminal building, a loading ramp and docks. The hangar and terminal buildings remain in use today for storage of pleasure boats and the docks are used as a marina.


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Guhnfeldt, Cato (1990). Fornebu 9. april (in Norwegian). Oslo: Wings. ISBN 82-992194-1-8. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Lorentzen, Harald (1990). I Oslofergenes øyrike (in Norwegian). Skien: Genius Forlag. ISBN 82-991292-6-5.
Nerdrum, Johan (1986). Fugl fønix: En beretning om Det Norske Luftfartselskap (in Norwegian). Oslo: Gyldendal Norsk Forlag. ISBN 82-05-16663-3.
Storberget, Bjørn (1995). Posten får vinger (in Norwegian). Dato Forlag.
Waage, Gry (1998). Fra Kongelung til Padda (in Norwegian). Oslo: Schibsted. ISBN 82-516-1700-6.
Wisting, Tor (1989). Oslo lufthavn Fornebu 1939–1989 (in Norwegian). TWK-forlaget. ISBN 82-90884-00-1.
<|endoftext|>

<|endoftext|>
The 2014 South East Asian Table Tennis Championships were held in Phnom Penh, Cambodia from 1 to 5 November 2014.


== Medal summary ==


=== Medal table ===
  *   Host nation (Cambodia)Some medals are unknown


=== Events ===
Missing


== See also ==
Asian Table Tennis Union
Asian Table Tennis Championships


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Mount Vernon Mansion replicas are faithful copies or buildings inspired by Mount Vernon, the mansion of U.S. President George Washington in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. Such buildings usually feature Mount Vernon's iconic piazza but might also copy its cupola, distinct dimensions, red-white-and-green color scheme, asymmetrical window distribution, or three-part organization.George Washington's Mount Vernon and architectural historian Lydia Mattice Brandt began a digital humanities project that collects information on Mount Vernon "replicas." It crowd-sources information and locates Mount Vernon look-alikes on an interactive map.


== Exposition buildings ==
Full-sized replicas of the Mount Vernon mansion were built for six international expositions:
1893 - Virginia State Building, World's Columbian Exposition, Chicago, Illinois. Demolished.
1915 - Virginia State Building, Panama-Pacific Exposition, San Francisco, California. Demolished.
1926 - Young Women's Christian Association Building, Sesquicentennial Exposition, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Magaziner, Eberhard & Harris, architects. Demolished.
1931 - United States Building, Exposition Coloniale, Paris, Charles K. Bryant, architect. Relocated to Vaucresson, France.
1932 - New York George Washington Bicentennial Commission Building, Prospect Park, Brooklyn, New York City, Charles K. Bryant, architect. Demolished.
1933 - Colonial Village, Century of Progress Exposition, Chicago, Illinois, Charles K. Bryant, architect. Relocated to Beverly Shores, Indiana and later demolished.[1]


== Residences ==
"Bushfield" (c.1760), Westmoreland County, Virginia. The Mount Vernon-inspired cupola and 2-story portico were added c.1910. Architect Waddy Butler Wood restored the house in 1916.
"Oak Hill" (1790), Annandale, Virginia. The Mount Vernon-inspired 2-story portico was added c.1940.
"Hill-Stead" (1901), Alfred Atmore Pope residence, Farmington, Connecticut, Theodate Pope Riddle and McKim, Mead and White, architects. Now Hill-Stead Museum.
"Mount Vernon" (1930), H. L. Hunt residence, 4009 West Lawther Drive, Dallas, Texas.
		


== Other buildings ==
Rainier Chapter House (1920–1925), Daughters of the American Revolution, 800 East Roy Street, Seattle, Washington, Daniel Riggs Huntington, architect.
Washington's Birthday Celebration Association Building, 1819 East Hillside Road, Laredo, Texas.
Mount Vernon Office (1987), Arlington Cemetery, 2900 State Road, Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania.
Washington Hall (1999), American Village, 3727 AL-119, Montevallo, Alabama.
George Washington Inn (2008), 939 Finn Hall Road, Port Angeles, Washington.
		
		
		


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The ET122 is a diesel multiple unit (DMU) train type operated by the third-sector railway operator Echigo Tokimeki Railway (ETR) on the Nihonkai Hisui Line between Naoetsu and Ichiburi in Niigata Prefecture since operations on the line were transferred from West Japan Railway Company (JR West) on 14 March 2015. Built by Niigata Transys and based on the JR West KiHa 122 series DMU design, the fleet consists of a total of eight single-car units.


== Variants ==
Standard cars ET122-1 to ET122-6
Special event cars ET122-7 and ET122-8
Resort train Setsugekka ET122-1001 + ET122-1002The fleet consists of six standard cars, numbered ET122-1 to ET122-6, and two special-event cars, numbered ET122-7 to ET122-8. The former have reversible transverse seating arranged 2+1 abreast with longitudinal bench seating at one end (total seating capacity 33), and the latter have fixed 4-person seating bays with tables (total seating capacity 40). Both types have a wheelchair space at one end and a universal access toilet.

		
A two-car resort train classified ET122-1000 (cars ET122-1001 + ET122-1002) and branded Setsugekka (雪月花, lit. "Snow, Moon, Flowers") was built by Niigata Transys and delivered in March 2016. This trainset entered service on 23 April 2016, operating mainly at weekends.


== Operations ==
The trains normally operate on the ETR's Nihonkai Hisui Line between Naoetsu and Ichiburi in Niigata Prefecture, with through-running to and from Tomari on the Ainokaze Toyama Railway Line in Toyama Prefecture.


== Exterior ==
The two special-event cars, ET122-7 and ET122-8, are finished in liveries designed by students at the Nagaoka Institute of Design. One is branded "Nihonkai Stream" and the other is branded "3 Cities Flowers".

		


== History ==
Test running began on the Hokuriku Main Line in December 2014.
In May 2017, the ET122-1000 was awarded the 2017 Laurel Prize, presented annually by the Japan Railfan Club.


== Fleet details ==
The individual build histories are as follows.


== References ==


== External links ==
ET122 details published by ETR (in Japanese)
<|endoftext|>
Oncomodulin 2, also known as OCM2, is a human gene that is similar to oncomodulin.Oncomodulin is a high-affinity calcium ion-binding protein. It belongs to the superfamily of calmodulin proteins, also known as the EF-hand proteins. Oncomodulin 2 is an oncodevelopmental protein found in early embryonic cells in the placenta and also in tumors.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
<|endoftext|>
Shah Nikdur railway station (Urdu: شاہ نکدر ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is  located in  Pakistan.


== See also ==
List of railway stations in Pakistan
Pakistan Railways


== References ==


== External links ==
Official Web Site of Pakistan Railways
<|endoftext|>
Pallacanestro Don Bosco Livorno, founded in 1996, is a professional Italian basketball club from the town of Livorno, Tuscany, playing in the Serie C (third division) as of June 2015.
Formerly a youth section of Basket Livorno, Don Bosco has gone on to be the organisation's flagship team.
Basket Livorno - founded in 1947 - was formerly in the top division, the 2006-07 season was its last in the Serie A before financial problems and irregularities led to the demise of the club in 2009 (as a sports club) and 2014 (as a company).
For past club sponsorship names, see the list below.


== History ==


=== Basket Livorno ===
Basket Livorno was founded in 1947, it languished in the shadows of Libertas Livorno and Pallacanestro Livorno, the strongest clubs of the city, until the demise of Libertas (now an amalgamation of the two clubs) in 1994.
The D’Alesio family would take over Basket Livorno in 1992, under the moniker of Don Bosco Basket. After buying the license of Azzurra Roma, it would join the third tier Serie B1 in 1994.  
The team earned a promotion to the professional Serie A2 in 1996, the same year the Pallacanestro Don Bosco sports society was founded, it was incorporated as the youth sector of the organisation.Renamed as Basket Livorno from 1998, the club would see the D'Alesio family withdraw their support in 2000, with the Falsini brothers - through their brand Mabo - taking over the sponsorship the same year.
Now a mainstay in the A2, Livorno would have four unsuccessful participation in the promotion playoffs, with its fifth attempt in 2001 finally successful.
Basket Livorno would join the first division Serie A for a historic first time during the 2001-02 season, finishing next to last, enough to confirm their top division status.
Mabo would leave the ownership of the team – for a symbolic euro – to the commune in 2004. The latter would try and reduce their share by incorporating corporate ownership, though they resisted selling the license to another city, the TD group became a mayor sponsor in 2007.On the pitch Basket Livorno had cemented their place in Serie A, despite always finishing in the lower part of the league table, however during the 2006-07 season they finished last and were relegated to Legadue (the renamed second division).
After two further years in Legadue, Basket Livorno decided to withdraw from their participation in the next edition during the summer of 2009, amidst reported debts of €2,000,000.
It later emerged during a 2015 investigation that the management had been using two company accounts, official and unofficial, processing undeclared financial transfers to defraud creditors, the 2014 bankruptcy of Basket Livorno was reconfirmed at the same time.


=== Pallacanestro Don Bosco ===
In parallel to the turmoil at Basket Livorno, Pallacanestro Don Bosco had continued to participate in youth championships. With its former parent club's days numbered, the club asked for admission to the fourth tier Divisione Nazionale B in 2011 as a separate entity.
Its request was accepted and since then team has assured the continuation of the Don Bosco name in national leagues. It is the Livorno side playing at the highest competitive level.
In May 2015 it lost in the promotion playoffs to Mens Sana Siena.


== Arena ==

Basket Livorno historically played at the PalaLivorno (capacity: 8,033), Pallacanestro Don Bosco plays at PalaMacchia (in Italian) (capacity: 2,500).


== Sponsorship names ==


== Notable players ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official Website Retrieved on 8 June 2015.(in Italian)
Profile at Eurobasket.com Retrieved on 8 June 2015.
Basket Livorno profile at Lega Basket Retrieved on 8 June 2015.(in Italian)
<|endoftext|>
The Georgia Southwestern Railroad (reporting mark GSWR) is a Class III short line railroad company that operates over 234 miles (377 km) of track in southwestern Georgia and southeastern Alabama. Beginning in 1989 as a division of the South Carolina Central Railroad on a pair of former CSX Transportation lines, the railroad has since undergone a number of transformations through abandonments and acquisitions, before arriving at its current form. The railroad was formerly a RailAmerica property before going independent, and in 2008 it was acquired by Genesee & Wyoming Inc.Traffic includes chemicals, clay, grain, peanuts, plastics, stone, and wood, generating around 13,000 annual carloads.


== History ==
Upon its creation in 1989 as a division of the South Carolina Central Railroad, the Georgia Southwestern railroad operated over two lines making junction at Richland. The first ran 130.7 miles (210.3 km) from Rhine west through Richland and Omaha, Georgia before crossing over the Chattahoochee River and terminating at Mahrt, Alabama. A second line originated at Columbus, and traveled south through Cusseta and Richland, before ending at Bainbridge, Georgia, 127.9 miles (205.8 km). Both routes were sold by CSX on July 5, 1989.


=== Original system ===
The original network consisted of only two lines (described below) containing 258.6 miles (416.2 km) of track. Commodities included forest products, aggregates, chemicals, fertilizer, peanuts, and paper, generating about 9,000 annual carloads. The railroad maintained its headquarters at Americus.


==== Rhine – Mahrt ====
The east-west route from Rhine to Mahrt was built in different segments over a period of several years. The Americus, Preston & Lumpkin was started in 1884 and connected its namesake cities by 1887. In 1887, further extension brought the terminus of the railroad further east to Abbeville, and in 1888, the railroad became the Savannah, Americus & Montgomery. The railroad continued to grow in 1890, reaching Lyons in the east, as well as the Chattahoochee River and eventually Montgomery to the west. In 1895, the SA&M was reorganized under the Georgia & Alabama and in 1900, the railroad once again changed hands into the Seaboard Air Line.Through a number of mergers, the line eventually came under the ownership of the Seaboard System in 1983, which abandoned the line between Montgomery and Mahrt on April 20, 1986. The remaining line from Mahrt to Rhine, Georgia was sold to the Georgia Southwestern by CSX Transportation in 1989. After operations on the line from Preston to Mahrt ended in 1999 the state of Georgia acquired the segment and sought a new operator for the line. On May 22, 2000 the state purchased the remaining portion of the line not already under their ownership between Omaha and the end of the line across the river in Mahrt as well as an additional 71.13 miles (114.47 km) between Rochelle and Preston retained by the Georgia Southwestern.The Heart of Georgia took over operations of the line from the Georgia Southwestern in 2000 and still operates from Rhine to Preston, with the segment between Preston and Mahrt out of service.


==== Columbus – Bainbridge ====
A second line out of Columbus to Bainbridge was originally built by two separate railroads. The first began out of Columbus and was constructed by the Chattahoochee Brick Company, and known as the Columbus Southern Railway when it opened its line to Albany, Georgia in 1890. The railroad was absorbed by the Georgia & Alabama Railway in 1896, and later merged into the Seaboard Air Line in 1902. The second portion of the line was built by the Georgia Pine Railway (Georgia Florida and Alabama Railroad after 1901) - and made junction with the Seaboard Air Line at Richland in 1910. In January 1928, the SAL leased the GF&A, creating a shortcut for trains destined for Florida.The Seaboard Air Line was later merged into the Seaboard Coast Line in 1967, and the SCL became the Seaboard System in 1983. CSX sold the line from Columbus to Lynn to the Georgia Southwestern in 1989, concurrently with the sale of the Rhine - Mahrt route. Initially, the GSWR exercised trackage rights over CSX to reach Bainbridge, including additional rights to Saffold, Georgia to interchange with the Chattahoochee Industrial Railroad.1995 brought numerous changes to the Georgia Southwestern network, and the portion of the route from Cusseta to Cuthbert became redundant and was subsequently abandoned in that year, with the rails being removed in September 1997. Rails remained in place from Columbus to Cusseta in order to serve a large pulpwood yard near the latter.In 2002, the Georgia DOT acquired the remaining disconnected segments of the Columbus - Bainbridge line between Columbus and Cusseta, as well as Cuthbert to Bainbridge. The Georgia Southwestern remained as the operator of the line.


=== Expansion and mergers ===
In the mid-1990s, the Georgia Southwestern experienced a number of changes. Among these changes were the acquisition of Norfolk Southern tracks between Columbus and Americus (now abandoned), as well as trackage rights over NS to Albany. Additionally, two sister South Carolina Central Railroad divisions operating nearby were merged into Georgia Southwestern during the same period.


==== Rochelle – Vidalia ====
In 1990, CSX sold the remaining section of its original Savannah - Montgomery route between Savannah and Vidalia to Georgia Central Railway. This left an unused section between Vidalia and the east end of the Georgia Southwestern at Rochelle. In 1994, the GSWR abandoned the segment between Rochelle and Rhine. In 1995, the Georgia DOT purchased the 51 miles (82 km) route from Vidalia to Rhine for $1.73 million, and in 1996, the previously abandoned Rochelle - Rhine route was acquired for $702,500. Georgia Southwestern approached the GDOT about reviving the route. The first stage of repair work was carried out in 1998, and the inaugural train ran on January 9, 1999.


==== Georgia & Alabama Division ====

The Georgia & Alabama had been operating its route from Smithville, Georgia through Eufaula, Alabama to White Oak, Alabama since June 1, 1989, under the Thoroughbred Shortline Program. This South Carolina Central division crossed the Georgia Southwestern at Cuthbert. In 1995, the Georgia & Alabama was merged into the Georgia Southwestern.In 2006, the Georgia Southwestern purchased from Norfolk Southern, the entire 79 miles (127 km) of track from Smithville to White Oak that had been leased up until that point. The following year the GSWR abandoned the 4.54 miles (7.31 km) from Eufaula to White Oak.


==== Georgia Great Southern Division ====

Another South Carolina Central division, the Georgia Great Southern Railroad, operated from Dawson, Georgia to Albany, 22 miles (35 km). CSX sold the line to the SCC on December 14, 1990. The GGS ceased operations in 1994. In 1995 trackage rights over Norfolk Southern into Albany made this line excess, as a result part of it was abandoned between Albany and Sasser and the remainder was merged into the Georgia Southwestern.The 2002 purchase of the remaining line from Dawson to Sasser by the Georgia DOT was included with the sale of the Cuthbert - Bainbridge as well as the Columbus - Cusseta routes.


==== Ochille – Americus ====
Norfolk Southern suffered from a pair of large tropic storms in the mid-90s, losing services over the Ochille - Americus "O" line. After restoring the railroad to operating conditions NS chose to mothball the line, as the two through freight trains that regularly operated over the line had been re-routed. In August 1995, the Georgia Southwestern purchased the former Central of Georgia line and acquired trackage rights from BV&E Junction (Americus) to Albany in order to access the rest of the GSWR network in Smithville.


=== Further expansion ===
Only one additional acquisition was made by the Georgia Southwestern, which was the line from a quarry north of Columbus to Allie, purchased from Norfolk Southern in 2005. The GSWR built a new locomotive shop at Dawson, and moved its offices from Smithville to Sasser during the same period.


==== Columbus – Greenville ====
Originally started in 1871 by the North and South Railroad of Georgia, the line was constructed out of Columbus towards Rome. The fledgling railroad was reorganized as the Columbus and Rome Railroad in 1874, after laying only 20 miles (32 km) of track. Further expansion brought the railroad to Greenville in 1885. A few years later, the railroad was absorbed by the Savannah and Western Railroad, a subsidiary of the Central of Georgia Railroad, and formally merged into the CofG network in 1895.In 2005 the Georgia Southwestern sought to purchase 43 miles (69 km) of track from Norfolk Southern, between a point north of Columbus to Allie (known as the "R" line), along with an additional 12.2 miles (19.6 km) of trackage rights to the GSWR yard in Columbus.The line was abandoned in 2007.


== Georgia Southwestern becomes independent ==
GSWR parent company RailTex was sold to RailAmerica effective February 4, 2000. Additional ownership change came in 2002 as RailAmerica passed the railroad to local interests concurrent with the sale of several lines to the Georgia DOT, with the now independent Georgia Southwestern remaining as operator. Traffic on the GSWR grew from 8,600 carloads in 2002 to 13,000 in 2007.In 2008, the Georgia Southwestern network consisted of the Ochille - Americus line, the Smithville - Eufaula route, and operation on behalf of the Georgia DOT between Dawson - Sasser, Columbus - Cusseta, and Cuthbert - Bainbridge. Additionally trackage rights remained over Norfolk Southern between BV&E Junction near Americus south to Albany and over CSX between Bainbridge and Saffold.


== Acquisition by Genesse & Wyoming ==
Genesse & Wyoming Inc. purchased the Georgia Southwestern outright in December 2008.


== References ==


== External links ==
The GF&A was an important predecessor of GSWR, constructing and operating much of the route from Richland to Bainbridge, Tallahassee, and Carrabelle, Florida, until absorbed by the Seaboard in 1928.

Georgia, Florida and Alabama Railway at Railga.com
Georgia, Florida and Alabama Railroad at Taplines
<|endoftext|>
APEC Vietnam 2006 was a series of political meetings held around Vietnam between the 21 member economies of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation during 2006. Various meetings were held across Vietnam in 2006. Leaders from all the member countries met from 18 to 19 November 2006 in Hanoi. Notable objectives that APEC Vietnam 2006 aimed to achieve included advancing free trade and investments, enhancing human security and building stronger societies and a more dynamic and harmonious community. The theme surrounding this APEC meeting was towards a dynamic community for sustainable development and prosperity.


== References ==


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
Franklin School is a historic school located at Schenectady in Schenectady County, New York. It was built in 1907 and is a two-story, red brick "H" shaped institutional building in the Georgian Revival style.  It is trimmed with yellow brick and stone.  There are massive yellow brick pilasters at the corner of the pavilions and recessed rectangular panels.  It operated as a school by the Schenectady City School District until 1974.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.The building is identical to the former Horace Mann School, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Euclid Stefanou Tsakalotos (Greek: Ευκλείδης Στεφάνου Τσακαλώτος, Greek pronunciation: [efˈkliðis steˈfanu t͜sakaˈlotos]; born 1960) is a Greek economist and politician who was Minister of Finance of Greece from 2015 to 2019. He is also a member of the Central Committee of Syriza and has represented Athens B in the Hellenic Parliament since May 2012.
Tsakalotos was born in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, but moved to the United Kingdom at a young age. He went to St Paul's School in London before studying Philosophy, Politics and Economics at The Queen's College, University of Oxford. He went on to complete a master's degree at the Institute of Development Studies, which is attached to the University of Sussex, and returned to Oxford to complete a doctorate in economics under the supervision of Włodzimierz Brus, which he did in 1989. From 1989 to 1993, Tsakalotos worked at the University of Kent, where he met his partner, Heather D. Gibson. He moved to Greece, and taught at the Athens University of Economics and Business from 1994 to 2010, becoming a professor of economics. Since 2010, he has been a professor of economics at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens. He has written a number of books in both Greek and English and has been published in a range of different academic journals. Due to his upbringing in the UK, he speaks English with a British accent.
A student member of the Communist Party of Greece, Tsakalotos joined Synaspismos in the early 1990s and was elected to the Central Committee of Syriza in 2004 shortly after their formation. He was first elected as a Member of the Hellenic Parliament for Athens B in the May 2012 legislative election and has been re-elected in every election since. In opposition from 2012 to 2015, he was Syriza's shadow finance minister. When Syriza entered government in January 2015, Tsakalotos was appointed as an Alternate Minister within the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In April, he took over as head of Greece's negotiating team on the third bailout package. On 6 July 2015, following Yanis Varoufakis's resignation, Tsakalotos was appointed as Minister of Finance. He was re-appointed in September 2015 following the snap legislative election.


== Early life and education ==
Tsakalotos was born in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, in 1960. He is the son of Stefanos Tsakalotos, a civil engineer who worked in the shipping industry, and the family relocated to the United Kingdom in 1965 when the younger Tsakolotos was five years old. He attended St Paul's School, London from 1973 to 1978. In St Paul's School's alumni magazine, he praised his former schoolmaster Keith Perry, saying that the teacher did "much to bolster [his] self-confidence". During his time at the school, he co-founded its Economics and Politics Society (known as Polecon) with his close friend Owen Tudor, who now works for the Trades Union Congress.Tsakalotos went on to read Philosophy, Politics and Economics at The Queen's College, Oxford. Whilst at the Queen's College, Tsakalotos was an admirer of both G. A. Cohen and Andrew Glyn, a Marxist political philosopher and Marxian economist respectively, who both taught at the university. He also took part in student protests against Margaret Thatcher's Conservative government. During his time at university, he became a supporter of Irish republicanism, a view he expressed in his visit to the Sinn Féin ardfheis in March 2015. One of his university friends at this time, Yannis Stournaras, later became a Greek finance minister and served as Governor of the Bank of Greece. Following graduation, he completed a master's degree (MPhil) at the Institute of Development Studies, attached to the University of Sussex. He then returned to Oxford to complete a doctorate (DPhil) in economics, studying at Mansfield College. He completed this doctorate in 1989 under the supervision of Włodzimierz Brus, with his thesis, Alternative Economic Strategies: The Case of Greece, later being published as a book.


== Academic career ==
After the completion of his doctorate, Tsakalotos entered into an academic career. His first role was as a research associate at the University of Kent, from 1989 to 1990. From October 1990 to June 1993, he taught at the university as a lecturer. In 1993, Tsakalotos and his wife moved to Greece, and in October 1994 he began teaching at the Athens University of Economics and Business. In September 2010, he became a full professor of economics at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, more commonly referred to simply as the University of Athens.In his capacity as an academic, Tsakalotos served as a member of the executive committee of the Hellenic Federation of University Teachers' Associations (POSDEP). In the mid-2000s, Tsakalotos led his students in a several months-long protest against proposed reforms to the Greek education system. Thanos Tsouknidas, an accountant that knew Tsakalotos at the time, said: "He was there, involved in the struggle. We were fighting together." His active role in the teachers' union brought him popularity, and according to a former student, his classes were often packed.Tsakalotos has written a number of books and articles on Greek and international economic policies, alone and in cooperation with other academics and writers. He has co-authored a number of works with his wife, who has also served as editor for some of the works that he has written alone.


== Early political career ==
As a student at the University of Oxford, Tsakalotos joined the Communist Party of Greece (Interior), a eurocommunist party that had split from the main Communist Party of Greece, a Marxist–Leninist party, in 1968. In the early 1990s, shortly after moving to Greece, Tsakalotos became a member of Synaspismos, a radical left-wing political party, which was to become the largest constituent party of Syriza. Syriza itself was formed in 2004, ahead of that year's legislative election, as a coalition of 13 left-wing political parties in Greece. Tsakalotos was elected to their Central Committee in December 2004. However, he also remained a prominent member of Synaspismos and served on both their Central Political Committee and their Political Secretariat until a July 2013 party congress, during which Syriza voted to become an independent political party and for all component parties to disband, including Synaspismos.Shortly after Syriza was formed, Tsakalotos stood as their candidate for the prefecture of Preveza in the 2004 legislative election. The Greek government-debt crisis effectively began in 2009 and was a backdrop for Tsakalotos' involvement in the creation of Syriza's economic policy. Tsakalotos has been credited as the "brains behind" the policy, and as a member of Syriza's "economics quartet", alongside John Milios, Giorgos Stathakis and Yannis Dragasakis. He has also been credited as one author of Syriza's Thessaloniki Programme, a manifesto which proposed a set of policies oriented towards reversing austerity measures while maintaining a balanced budget.


== In opposition (2012–2015) ==
Some things which are now seen as unrealistic will change with the political balance of forces.
In the May 2012 legislative election, Tsakalotos was elected as a Member of the Hellenic Parliament (MP) representing Athens B, the largest electoral district in Greece. The election saw Syriza win 16.8% of the vote, placing second behind New Democracy, who won 18.8% of the vote, and ahead of PASOK, with 13%. Alexis Tsipras, the party leader, was unable to form a coalition, but also refused to enter into one with PASOK, forcing the country to new elections in June 2012, where Tsakalotos won re-election as an MP. Tsakalotos said that Syriza had a focus on the European Union, and told The New York Times that a Europe imposing austerity on its citizens for the actions of banks "isn't the Europe that the original inspirators of Europe imagined". New Democracy won a plurality of seats in June 2012 and formed a coalition government with PASOK and Democratic Left, making Syriza the largest opposition party with 78 seats. Tsakalotos' role in opposition was as the spokesperson for economic affairs in Tsipras' shadow cabinet.In opposition from 2012 to 2015, Tsakalotos was a key proponent of Syriza's economic policy. He argued that Greece needed something similar to the Marshall Plan, with a payment scheme that took into account the strength of the economy. He told Bloomberg News that "People say that we are responsible for the situation we find ourselves in. OK, sure. But I think that Germany will find it hard to argue that in 1953 [at the time of the London Agreement on German External Debts] they were completely blameless." He appeared in various international media as a spokesperson for Syriza and making the case for their policies: among others, he was interviewed on Lateline, an Australian news programme on ABC, by SBS, another Australian news channel, was quoted by the BBC and Bloomberg, and also appeared in an Intelligence Squared debate arguing for the motion 'Angela Merkel is Destroying Europe'.September 2013 saw his book, co-authored with Christos Laskos, published by Pluto Press. Crucible of Resistance was described as offering "badly needed correctives" to the prevalent ideas on the Greek situation. The book addressed why the European debt crisis began, with a particular focus on Greece. It argued that the idea Greece was exceptional was a myth and that the crisis had revealed the inadequacies of neoliberalism and social democracy. Tsakalotos was criticised by elements of the Greek media in 2013 when he was accused of living a wealthy lifestyle while criticising austerity in public. He was dubbed the 'aristocrat of the left', and one newspaper published front-page criticism arguing that Tsakalotos' own family wealth came from investments made by companies such as JPMorgan Chase and BlackRock.In December 2014, the Hellenic Parliament did not approve the new President with the supermajority required, and so a snap election was called for the end of January 2015. A few days before the 2015 election took place, Tsakalotos was quizzed on Syriza's economic policies by a number of economists, debt campaigners and investment analysts at the London School of Economics. Tsakalotos said there was a need for fiscal space, meaning 6–7 billion Euros a year to spend on an expansionary fiscal policy. He also said that they would cancel the austerity budgets already agreed with the European Union (EU) and International Monetary Fund (IMF), pay back the loans from the IMF and focus on rescheduling and writing off the loans from the EU.


== First term in government (2015) ==


=== Alternate Minister and bailout negotiator ===
In the legislative election on 25 January 2015, Syriza won a near-majority of seats, with 149 out of 300, and so formed a coalition with the right-wing anti-austerity party Independent Greeks. Tsipras became prime minister and formed his cabinet on 27 January, appointing Tsakalotos as Alternate Minister for International Economic Relations, subordinate to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, Nikos Kotzias. Tsakalotos described his role as follows: "[It] means coordinating our approach to promoting exports and attracting investment. It also means upgrading our economic diplomacy which needs to go beyond traditional sectors, for instance exporting olive oil and importing capital goods."

Tsakalotos represented Syriza at the Sinn Féin ardfheis on 7 March 2015 and gave a speech on the conference floor, during which he said that both Sinn Féin and Syriza are "part of a great realignment in European politics" towards left-wing anti-austerity parties. The leader of Sinn Féin, Gerry Adams, embraced Tsakalotos on the stage following the speech. Tsakalotos then spent several hours afterwards in talks with senior members of Sinn Féin. The Financial Times later commented on this, saying it was a "moment of bonding" between Syriza and Sinn Féin.Tsakalotos began to gain a more prominent role in the renegotiations with Greece's creditors over a new bailout plan, which at the time were being led by Yanis Varoufakis, the Minister of Finance. On 27 April, Tsakalotos was the made the coordinator of the Greek team negotiating with the creditor's representatives over this new bailout plan. This move was largely seen as sidelining Yanis Varoufakis, the Minister of Finance, but the markets reacted positively.In June 2015, lenders warned that time was running out for a deal to be agreed on a new bailout plan. On 17 June, Tsakalotos warned that Greece would not be able to repay its €1.6bn loan from the IMF at the end of the month unless a new bailout plan was agreed. The deadline for the renewal of Greece's bailout package was also looming at the end of June. On 26 June, an emergency cabinet meeting led to the calling of a referendum on the bailout deal proposed by the creditors. Capital controls and a bank holiday were announced on 28 June, with the Eurozone refusing an extension of the bailout plan and Greece defaulting on its loan to the IMF on 30 June.


=== Minister of Finance ===
The bailout referendum on 5 July resulted in a 'No' vote to the adoption of the bailout package. The following day,when Alexi Tsipras refused to honor the referendum result, Varoufakis resigned as finance minister. As he left the finance ministry, he suggested that Tsakalotos was likely to succeed him, and Tsakalotos was subsequently sworn-in later that day. In the process of this, Tsakalotos relinquished his previous ministerial position of Alternate Minister for International Economic Relations. Tsakalotos was noted for his differences with Varoufakis, for example, the Financial Times noted that he "could hardly be more different from his flamboyant predecessor". At a press conference shortly following his appointment, Tsakalotos said: "I cannot hide from you that I am quite nervous. I am not taking on this job at the easiest point in Greek history."Tsakalotos' first official meeting as Minister of Finance was on 7 July and was an emergency meeting of the Eurogroup following the vote in the referendum. Tsakalotos brought a note with him that reminded him to display "no triumphalism" after the 'No' vote in the Greek bailout referendum. Following the talks, he was described as "Much better than Varoufakis" who was a much tougher and less compromising negotiator. Greece was given 48 hours to agree to a new bailout plan or it would face being forced to leave the eurozone on 8 July, leading to a plan being submitted by the Greek government on 10 July. In a nine-hour Eurogroup meetings on 11 July, Tsakalotos was noted for his calmness in the "tough, even violent" atmosphere of the talks by observers.The government backed the tenth austerity package which went before Parliament on 16 July. The package was the first in a series of prior actions necessary for negotiations to open up over bailout funding worth 86 billion euros. The package came in two parts, with the first being approved on 16 July, and the second on 23 July. The legislation included a rise in VAT across several goods and services, the abolition of the VAT discount for Greek islands, a corporation tax rise from 26% to 29%, a luxury tax on cars, boats and swimming pools, an end to early retirement by 2022, and an increase in the retirement age to 67. Tsakalotos said on 16 July debate, "I don't know if we did the right thing, however, I do know that we felt like we had no other choice but do what we did." The contentious vote was opposed by 109 out of 201 members of the Central Committee of Syriza, and 32 Syriza MPs voted against the proposals on 16 July. It also led to a cabinet reshuffle on 17 July, but Tsakalotos retained his role as Minister of Finance.The second set of measures were debated and voted on 23 July, with Tsakalotos beginning the debate, and urging a vote in favour of the measures. Tsakalotos was criticised for his speech, with Ovenden writing that "[his] argument made him sound little different from the kind of kindergarten exchanges which had characterised Pasok and New Democracy over the years." However, the proposals passed parliament, clearing the way for a new bailout deal to be negotiated with Greece's creditors.A new bailout deal, the Third Economic Adjustment Programme for Greece, was agreed in August 2015, and the first set of measures went to vote on 14 August, in the form of the eleventh austerity package. Tsakalotos opened the debate, calling the deal a "very tough agreement with many thorns." During the debate, he engaged heavily with the acting President of New Democracy, Vangelis Meimarakis, who criticised Tsakalotos for being "provocative". Towards the end of the debate, Zoi Konstantopoulou, the Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament, raised so many procedural questions and objections that Tsakalotos missed the 9:30 am vote to catch a flight to Brussels. More than 40 Syriza MPs voted against the plans, and it was suggested that Tsipras may resign, bringing the prospect of another snap election in September. In Brussels later that day, final negotiations were concluded for the Third Economic Adjustment Programme for Greece.On 20 August, Tsipras announced the resignation of the Syriza-ANEL government, and that a legislative election was scheduled for 20 September. Tsakalotos and the rest of the cabinet remained as lame duck ministers whilst opposition parties attempted to form their own government. However, the opposition parties failed to form a government and Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou was appointed as an interim Prime Minister on 27 August. On 28 August, Thanou-Christophilou's caretaker cabinet was sworn in, with George Chouliarakis being sworn in as the interim Minister of Finance.


== Second term in government (2015–present) ==


=== Reappointment as Minister of Finance ===
Reuters reported that Tsakalotos was considering not running in the September 2015 legislative election, as he did not want to have to implement the bailout agreement. However, these fears were assuaged by Alexis Tsipras when he said there was no doubt that Tsakalotos would stand in the election. He also claimed that, during the election campaign, without Tsakalotos' involvement, there would have been no bailout package. In recognition of that, Tsakalotos was made to head the list for Syriza in Athens B. In an interview during the campaign, Tsakalotos admitted that the Greek government had suffered "defeat" during negotiations with creditors, implying that some responsibility for this lay with his predecessor, Varoufakis.Following the re-election of the Syriza-ANEL coalition, Tsakalotos was tipped to resume the role of Minister of Finance, however the state media reported that he was reluctant to do so. Nonetheless, he was reappointed as Minister of Finance on 23 September, as part of the Tsipras' second cabinet. Chouliarakis, the interim Minister of Finance, was retained in the finance ministry as an Alternate Minister of Finance. Later in September, in an interview with the Financial Times, Tsakalotos said that it was "absolutely critical that we get something on debt relief." He added: "By the second quarter of 2016, if we get a positive review, bank recapitalisation and debt relief, I don’t see any reason why there shouldn’t be a return to growth." He also said that the new government would make serious attempts to crack down on tax evasion: "It will be a central aspect of our policies, which will determine the success of the government, because it’s the only way the Greek people will accept difficult measures that show we’re all in the same boat."At the annual meetings of the IMF and the World Bank between 9 and 11 October 2015, Tsakalotos had a number of meetings with high-level attendees. On 8 January 2016, Tsakalotos began a tour of European cities, including Rome, Lisbon, Paris, Helsinki and Berlin, meeting with finance ministers, prior to a Eurogroup meeting on 14 January. In February 2016, Spyros Economides, Director of the Hellenic Observatory,in order to divert blame and relieve the pressure on Tsakalotos and following a relentless smear campaign against Varoufakis,  commented on Tsakalotos' performance as Minister of Finance: "In some ways, he has done an extremely good job because the mess left by his predecessor both in substantive and presentational terms was horrific." Tsakalotos visited the European Parliament in March 2016 and told MEPs of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs that he welcomed their role in monitoring the reforms.


=== Bailout review and calls for IMF involvement ===
The first review of the bailout programme carried out by Greece's lenders stalled in February 2016 over pension reforms. Speaking to Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, Tsakalotos urged the lenders to complete the review by 1 May as "This question of time is important if we want to move from a vicious to a virtuous circle." He wrote to other members of the Eurogroup on 6 May to appeal for their support against extra demands for austerity that, he argued, were beyond the mandate of the Greek government.Speaking in October 2016, Tsakalotos said that he wanted the IMF to join the bailout programme and that Wolfgang Schäuble's position on debt relief for Greece was untenable. Schäuble said that the bailout programme "will work, the IMF will be on board and there won't be much debt relief." However, Tsakalotos said that "Something has to give there, and I think deep down in his heart he understands that. He's a wily politician. He's been around for a long time. I can't believe he doesn't understand you can't have all those three things."


== Political views ==


=== Ideology ===
Tsakalotos has been described as a "Marxist", and Ovenden has written that "While Keynes is the main economic reference point for Varoufakis, who opposed the Brussels deal, for Tsakalotos, who signed it, Marx is more that guide to economic and political analysis." Paul Mason described Tsakalotos as a "classic Marxist of the New Left," continuing that "Tsakalotos comes from that school of Marxism which learned from the 1970s onwards to make compromises with capitalist reality." In an interview with the Financial Times in September 2015 following his re-appointment, he said: "I’m one of the government’s most left-wing ministers, politically speaking. However, I want to do things like the recapitalisation of the banks. I can do things that aren’t particularly left-wing."Tsakalotos is also a leading member of the Group of 53, a prominent faction within Syriza. One report names him as the leader of the Group. The Group was founded in mid-2014 and stands ideologically between the Left Platform and Alexis Tsipras's core backers. After the Left Platform split from Syriza to Popular Unity, the Group of 53 became the most left-wing faction within Syriza.


=== Europe ===
Tsakalotos has been described as a "Revolutionary Europeanist", as he supports European Union integration but not its capitalist principles. In one article, he wrote: "[the] European Monetary Union has created a split between [the] core and periphery, and relations between the two are hierarchical and discriminatory." Tsakalotos has also advocated for a "change in [the] architecture" of the Eurozone. He has also suggested that the EU should have a focus on the development of member countries, which is what requires this change in architecture. In a May 2012 interview on Lateline, Tsakalotos said: "At the moment the Eurozone is at risk, not because of the Greek radical left – it's at risk because it has an architecture, a financial and economic architecture that is evidently unable to deal with the crisis in the Eurozone, and we think part of the solution is a change in that architecture." In 2011, he cited a move towards fiscal federalism as a potential solution to the EU's economic architecture.


== Personal life ==
Tsakalotos is married to Heather D. Gibson, a Scottish economist currently serving as Director-Advisor to the Bank of Greece and his ofttimes research and writing partner. They met when Tsakalotos was teaching at the University of Kent and they later married in Canterbury. The couple has three children and maintains two homes in Kifisia, along with an office in Athens and a holiday home in Preveza, all courtesy of a large estate belonging to Tsakalotos' father. Through his father, Euclid Tsakalotos is a distant relative of Thrasyvoulos Tsakalotos, who served as Chief of the Hellenic Army General Staff from 1951 to 1952. Tsakalotos has been quoted as saying that his great-granduncle fought on the "other side, the wrong side" in the Greek Civil War, and was worried that his great-grandnephew would become a "liberal, [but] certainly not anything further to the left."Tsakalotos is a fan of PAOK FC and was given a shirt with Dimitar Berbatov's name on the back by Alexis Tsipras. When he lived in the UK, he was a supporter of Leeds United.


== Works ==


=== Books ===
Crucible of Resistance: Greece, the Eurozone and the World Economic Crisis (with Christos Laskos, Pluto Press, London, Chicago: 2013), ISBN 074533380X
22 Πράγματα που μας λένε για την ελληνική κρίση και δεν είναι έτσι (22 Things they tell you about the Greek Crisis which are not so; with Christos Laskos, KPSM Publications: 2012), ISBN 9789606750700
Χωρίς επιστροφή (No Return; with Christos Laskos, KPSM Publications: 2011), ISBN 9789606750595
Corporatism and Economic Performance: A Comparative Analysis of Market Economies (with Andrew Henley, Edward Elgar Publishing: 1993) ISBN 185278539X
Alternative Economic Strategies: The Case of Greece (Avebury Publishers, Aldershot: 1991), ISBN 1856281833


=== Articles and papers ===
Tsakalotos has published a number of articles and papers, including several co-authored with his wife, Heather Gibson, and others. He has been published in a range of Academic journals, such as the Cambridge Journal of Economics, the Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics and the Oxford Review of Economic Policy. For a full list, see the link to his page on Academia.edu in the External links.


== See also ==
First Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras
Second Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras
Greek government-debt crisis


== Notes ==


== References ==


=== Citations ===


=== Sources ===
Ovenden, Kevin (2015). Syriza: Inside the Labyrinth. London: Pluto Press. ISBN 0745336868.


== External links ==

CV (in Greek) and office terms (in English) of Euclid Tsakalotos at the Hellenic Parliament
Euclid Tsakalotos' publications at Academia.edu
<|endoftext|>
Dinsmore Airport (FAA LID: D63), formerly Q25, is a public airport located 1 mile (1.6 km) east of Dinsmore, serving Humboldt County, California.. The airport is mostly used for general aviation.


== Facilities ==
Dinsmore Airport covers 23 acres (9.3 ha; 0.036 sq mi) and has one runway, 2,510 feet (770 m) by 48 feet (15 m) long with an asphalt surface.


== Use ==
One aircraft and one ultralight are based at the field, an average of 31 operations per week with 62% transient and 38% local general aviation operations in the year before 31 December 2011.


== References ==


== External links ==
Resources for this airport:
FAA airport information for D63
AirNav airport information for D63
FlightAware airport information and live flight tracker
SkyVector aeronautical chart for D63
Topographic Map & Description
<|endoftext|>
Zhu Derun (simplified Chinese: 朱德润; traditional Chinese: 朱德潤; pinyin: Zhū Dérùn; Wade–Giles: Chu Te-jun)(1294–1365), Zemin (泽民) by style name, Suiyang Shanren (睢阳山人) by pseudonym, was a Chinese painter and poet in Yuan Dynasty. He was a native of Suiyang (now Shangqiu), Henan Province, and later lived in Suzhou. He was at one time the editor at the national academy of history, and also served as academic director in Zhendong Province, and supervisor in Jiangzhe Province.
He excelled in calligraphy, following the styles of Zhao Mengfu and Wang Xizhi, utilizing strong and bold brushstrokes. He was also an expert of landscape painting, and inherited the techniques of Xu Daoning and Guo Xi. His paintings typically boasted distant mountains, sturdy peaks and robust trees. The mountain stones were depicted by cirrus-cloud brushstrokes, and the branches of trees simulated crab claws, with realistic beauty. Preserved works include Pavilion of Elegant Plain (秀野轩图), Playing Lyre under the Trees (林下鸣琴图), and Boating on the Pine Creek (松溪放艇图).
He was renowned for his poems too. Most of his works portrayed landscapes and items. Some accused the unjust society, such as "People were not born villains. The oppressive government coerced them into crimes." He authored Collected Works of Cunfu Studio (存复斋集), 10 columns plus one supplement.


== Notes ==


== References ==
Ci hai bian ji wei yuan hui (辞海编辑委员会). Ci hai  (辞海). Shanghai: Shanghai ci shu chu ban she  (上海辞书出版社), 1979.
Barnhart, R. M. et al. (1997). Three thousand years of Chinese painting. New Haven, Yale University Press. ISBN 0-300-07013-6
<|endoftext|>
Monocreagra is a genus of moths of the family Notodontidae. It consists of the following species:

Monocreagra orthyades Druce, 1893
Monocreagra pheloides C. and R. Felder, 1874
Monocreagra unimacula  (Warren, 1897) 


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Amaury García Moreno (born 19 December 2001) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga MX club  UNAM.


== Career statistics ==


=== Club ===
As of 18 April 2021.Notes


== References ==


== External links ==
Amaury Moreno at ESPN Profile
Amaury Moreno at Soccerway
<|endoftext|>
Humanist Students is the national umbrella organisation for free-thinking, atheist, humanist and secular student societies in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Its aim is to provide a national voice for non-religious student societies in the UK and help coordinate national activities.The group is a membership body composed of student societies in higher education institutes across the UK and Ireland. In 2012, it became the student section of the Humanists UK (then known as the British Humanist Association), the UK charity which promotes Humanism and secularism in Britain. Until 2017, it was known as the National Federation of Atheist, Humanist, and Secular Students, and later simply Atheist, Humanist, and Secular Students (AHS). In 2017, member societies voted to rename the AHS 'Humanist Students', as well as introducing new structural changes, such as the direct election of the President of Humanist Students by the members of individual societies each year.Through Humanists UK, the organisation is represented internationally as part of Young Humanists International, the youth wing of Humanists International.


== Aims and objectives ==
As 'The AHS', Humanist Students was set up to support both established and newly-forming atheist, humanist and secular student groups and give voice which could be heard nationally. It hoped to achieve this by providing a network, resources and a joint platform for these societies through which they could make their needs and views known on both a national and international level.According to their own website the AHS' vision is "to see a thriving atheist, humanist or secular student society in every institute of Higher Education in the UK and Republic of Ireland". They do this by running a variety of events, providing useful information to societies and representing its members on a national and international scale.


== Organisational structure ==
The AHS is run by a committee composed of representatives from each society, namely the president and an elected representative. From the committee the executive, composed of a president, secretary, membership officer, and treasurer, are then elected to form the core leadership body of the organisation.
There is also a sovereign decision making body within the AHS called the "Caucus". This consists of two representatives from each member society, the executive and the board. They are responsible for electing the executive to manage the organisation on their behalf, determining and directing major policy choices and ratifying applications for membership.It is one of several sections of Humanists UK, alongside others such as Young Humanists (for 18-35s), LGBT Humanists UK (an LGBT section), and Defence Humanists (for military personnel).


== See also ==
Secular Student Alliance (USA)


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
The Chrysler ETV-1 was a passenger car produced by Chrysler as a test bed for motor and drive controls.  With a motor produced by General Electric, it was claimed to be the "first ground up modern day electric vehicle design."


== Specifications ==


=== Powertrain ===
The ETV-1 uses one 30.5 kW (40.9 hp) electric motor, front-mounted driving the front axle. Chryslers ETV-1 has claimed acceleration of 0 to 48 km/h (0 to 30 mph) in 9.0 seconds and a claimed top speed of 105 km/h (65 mph).


=== Battery ===
ETV-1 utilises a removable 'T' shaped battery pack, The Battery pack has a total capacity of ??? kWh electric vehicle battery.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
A man engine is a mechanism of reciprocating ladders and stationary platforms installed in mines to assist the miners' journeys to and from the working levels. It was invented in Germany in the 19th century and was a prominent feature of tin and copper mines in Cornwall until the beginning of the twentieth century.


== Operation ==
In the Cornish examples the motive power was provided by waterwheels, or one of the mine's steam engines. The steam engine or water wheel would be linked to a series of beams – known as "rods" –  fastened together and reaching to the bottom of the mineshaft.  These were arranged to offer a reciprocating motion of, typically, twelve to fifteen feet (three to five metres). Small foot platforms were attached to the rods at the same distance apart as the engine stroke and fixed platforms ("sollars") were built onto the shaft walls, spaced to coincide with the top and bottom positions of each of the moving platforms. The moving platforms were often small, typically 12 inches (30 centimetres) square, to make the miner stand close to the centre-line of the rod and thus keep a safe distance from the sides of the shaft. For the same reason the grab handles were always fitted directly above the foot platforms. To go up or down, the miner would step onto the travelling platform and allow himself to be carried to the next fixed platform, where he would step off and wait. At the end of the next stroke the next moving platform would line up and he could step onto it and repeat the process.  Miners could ascend and descend at the same time: the pause at the changeover point was made long enough (typically between two and eight seconds) for two men to change places. To facilitate this some installations (such as at the Devon Great Consols mine, Tavistock) had a fixed platform at both sides of the shaft, one side for miners descending and one for those on the ascent. Counterweights – large boxes filled with stones attached through "see-sawing" horizontal beams – were installed to avoid the full weight of the shaft and men bearing on the top linkage. In the deepest mines, which could sink to more than 350 fathoms (640 metres), extra counterweights were provided at regular intervals, in horizontal side galleries.In a common variation a pair of rods was used, with one on its upstroke as the other descended. The miner hopped from one to the other, rather than waiting at a fixed rest, as they changed direction.Rotary steam engines were found to be more suitable than beam engines because the steady speed of the heavy flywheel gave a predictable pause between reversals of direction, whereas pistons acting directly on the rods, even when controlled by a cataract governor, could surprise the passenger by irregular waits, longer or shorter. In Cornwall only the Wheal Reeth man engine, Godolphin, (where a pumping engine was converted to this new use) was powered by a piston acting directly on the rods. When not in use for the man engine, it was an advantage that a rotary engine could also be used to power a whim.


== History ==

The earliest known examples of this device were from the first half of the nineteenth century in the silver mining area of the Harz mountains, Germany, where they were driven by cranks connected to water wheels, although bucket hoists ("Hakenkunst") using the same method of operation had been used in Swedish iron mines since the 17th century. They appear to have evolved from an informal modification to the beam pumps, where the miners used spikes stuck into the wooden pump rods to get themselves carried up the shaft. As beam pumps were universal in deep mines, it was a then simple development to make proper platforms to carry the miners. The first formal engine was installed in 1833 at a mine at Clausthal, Lower Saxony, where inspector Wilhelm Albert and manager Georg Dörell fastened foot platforms and hand-holds to adjacent, reciprocating pump rods, using a waterwheel-driven pump put out of use when a new drainage adit was made at a lower level. The 1837 man engine at the Samson Pit in Sankt Andreasberg in the same region is still in use, although converted from water to electric power in 1922.The device was introduced to Cornwall in January 1842, following the award of a premium for the best design, by the Royal Cornwall Polytechnic Society. The winner, Michael Loam, built one for the proprietors of the Tresavean Mine, in Lanner near Redruth. He used a double-rod design, driven by a waterwheel. In October of that year Loam proposed that the water wheel be replaced by a steam engine. A 36-inch bore, 6-foot stroke, double-action steam engine was employed, through reduction spur gearing of 5:1. At the same time the stroke of the man-engine beams was increased from 6 feet to 12. Coal consumption was 24 hundredweight (1,200 kg) per day; the engine was in use for only six hours a day, but the boiler was kept at operating temperature continuously. The miners' journey time (in either direction) was reduced from about an hour to twenty-four minutes and output per shift increased by one fifth.More than a dozen examples were installed in Cornish mines by the end of the century, but these were usually of the single-rod type, which was perceived as safer in use. When cable operated winding gear became available the man engines continued in use, particularly in cases where the mineshaft was not truly vertical and winding engines drawing suspended cages could not be used; with the provision of a few well-placed rollers, and “fend offs” mounted on trunnions, the rods could reach the bottom of a shaft even at a substantial deviation from the vertical. Economics also played a part: the rods needed for pumping could be used for this extra function at little increased cost. Even when skips or kibbles were used in such shafts, (running on "skipways") the tipping motion would make them impractical for carrying men.


== Safety ==

The miners took to these devices without hesitation as their pay was not calculated until they had reached their underground workplace. Contemporary safety studies concluded that, although intrinsically dangerous, the use of a man engine was in practice safer than climbing long ladders: it was less risky to be carried up at the end of a hard shift than to climb a ladder and risk falling because of exhaustion. In some mines, particularly in Germany, wedges or collars placed just above close-fitting rollers, or chains, were installed to limit any drop should a breakage occur.


=== Levant mine accident ===
In the afternoon of 20 October 1919 an accident occurred on the man engine at the Levant Mine, St Just, Cornwall. More than 100 miners were on the engine being drawn to the surface when a metal bracket at the top of the rod broke. The heavy timbers crashed down the shaft, carrying the side platforms with them, and 31 men died. The topmost safety cross-piece attached to the rod, which should have caught on a fixed ledge (the "sill") in case of its dropping too far, fell out of alignment because of the breakage and failed to engage. The man engine was not replaced and the lowest levels of the mine were abandoned.


== See also ==

Flatrod system


== References ==


== External links ==
Cornwall - Working Conditions In Cornish Tin Mines
Video of Grube Samson man engine in operation
Origin and History of Man Engines (German language with English summary)
<|endoftext|>
O2 Arena (formerly Sazka Arena, stylised as O2 arena) is a multi-purpose arena, in Prague, Czech Republic. It is home to HC Sparta Prague of the Czech Extraliga and is the second-largest ice hockey arena in Europe.
It has hosted important sporting events such as the two Ice Hockey World Championships (2004 and 2015), first edition of prestigious tennis Laver Cup, the European Athletics Indoor Championships, the Euroleague Final Four 2006, the World Floorball Championship, the Davis Cup finals, as well as a handful of NHL and KHL games, including a 2014 Gagarin Cup final. It can also host stage shows, such as concerts, and other large-scale events.


== History ==

The idea of building a new arena in Prague came on the heels of the "golden era" of Czech ice hockey: winning the gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics and three gold medals in a row at the Ice Hockey World Championships. The arena was proposed to be built in time to host the 2003 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships, but due to unforeseen complications with the investors, the ice hockey governing body had to switch that tournament to Finland. The arena's main backer then became Sazka a.s., a Czech betting company.
The construction of the arena (which began in September 2002) was not without problems, but it was finally finished in time to host the 2004 tournament, the 2004 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships.In March 2008, the building was renamed O2 Arena.In March 2011, Sazka filed for insolvency due to debts from building the arena.
From its opening until 2015, it was home to HC Slavia Prague of the Czech Extraliga. Slavia won the national championship on home ice in Game 7 of the 2008 Extraliga finals against HC Karlovy Vary 4-0 in front of a then-league-record crowd of 17,117. In 2015, Slavia was relegated to the 1.liga, and the club chose to move back to the smaller Zimní stadion Eden, the team's former home and current training centre. In its place, O2 Arena reached an agreement with cross-town rivals Sparta Prague on 24 June 2015. Sparta ownership cited the need for significant renovations at Tipsport Arena as the main reason for the move.
For two seasons, 2012–13 and 2013–14, O2 Arena also hosted occasional home games of HC Lev Prague of the Kontinental Hockey League. The club played its home games of the 2014 Gagarin Cup Finals at O2 Arena, attracting the three largest crowds in league history.In 2015, O2 Arena co-hosted the IIHF World Championship with ČEZ Aréna in Ostrava for the second time. This time, the tournament re-established the record for World Championship attendance.
In 2017, it hosted the 1st edition of Laver Cup international indoor hard court men's tennis tournament between Europe and Team World.
In 2021, the venue will host some group phase matches at the FIBA EuroBasket 2021 which the country will play host alongside Georgia in Tbilisi, Germany in Berlin/Cologne and Italy in Milan.


== Notable events ==
On 6 & 7 September 2006 Madonna performed there during her Confessions Tour, which was attended by 18,628 spectators, the biggest number of spectators in the arena's history. She performed again at the arena on 7 & 8 November 2015 as part of her Rebel Heart Tour selling out crowds of over 16,000 patrons.
On 12 May 2008, Kylie Minogue performed there as part of her KylieX2008. She performed again at the arena on 2 March 2011 as part of her Aphrodite World Tour. On 21 October 2014 Minogue performed again as part of her Kiss Me Once Tour.
On 5 June, 2008 Céline Dion performed there during Taking Chances World Tour.
In October 2008, the New York Rangers and Tampa Bay Lightning opened the 2008–09 NHL season at O2 Arena with two games. Two years later, the NHL returned, with the Boston Bruins and Phoenix Coyotes playing twice.
In November 2008, the French electronica pioneer Jean Michel Jarre performed his Oxygène album live at the arena, as part of the second leg of the Oxygène 30th anniversary tour.
In December 2008, the arena played host to the playoff matches of the 2008 Men's World Floorball Championships, including Finland's 7-6 victory over Sweden in the final.
Sting performed during his Symphonicities Tour on 22 September 2010, along with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.
In November 2010, Lady Gaga performed there during her Monster Ball Tour.On 7 December 2011, Rihanna performed there during her Loud Tour.
The Czech Republic Davis Cup Team defeated Spain in the 2012 Davis Cup Final.
On 26 October 2012, Jennifer Lopez performed a sold-out show during her Dance Again World Tour.
On 22 November 2012, Muse performed there during their The 2nd Law World Tour.
On 5 October 2014, Lady Gaga performed there as part of Artrave: The Artpop Ball tour.
On 9 November 2014, the Czech Fed Cup team defeated the German Fed Cup team in the final of the 2014 Fed Cup.
On 17 February 2015, Queen + Adam Lambert performed there as part of their Queen + Adam Lambert Tour 2014-2015. The group returned to the arena on November 1, 2017 to kick off their 2017 European tour.
On 23 February 2015, Katy Perry performed there as part of Prismatic World Tour.
On January 30, 2016, Ellie Goulding performed there as part of Delirium World Tour.
On November 12, 2016, Justin Bieber performed a sold-out show during his Purpose World Tour.
Gorillaz performed at the arena on 14 November 2017, as part of their Humanz Tour.
On 2 April 2018, Metallica performed there as part of WorldWired Tour.
On 16 April 2018 Imagine Dragons performed here as a part of their Evolve World Tour.
On 7 & 8 May 2018, Enrique Iglesias performed there as part of Enrique Iglesias Live.
On 1 July 2018 Pearl Jam performed there as part of Pearl Jam 2018 Tour.
On 10 October 2018, Shania Twain performed there as part of Shania Now Tour.
On 7 May 2019, Elton John performed there as part of Farewell Yellow Brick Road
On 4 September 2019, Ariana Grande performed there as part of Sweetener World Tour.
On 16 February 2020, Twenty One Pilots performed there as part of The Bandito Tour.
On 29 May 2020, Eric Clapton will start his Summer European Tour 2020 at the arena.
On 23 February 2021, Harry Styles will perform here as a part of his Love on Tour.
On 5 May 2021, 5 Seconds of Summer will perform here as a part of their No Shame Tour.
On May 24, 2021, Canadian singer Céline Dion will return to the arena during her Courage World Tour 
The arena is also the home of Transmission (festival) since 2007.


== Technical facts ==

Number of floors: 6
Floor space: 35,000 m²
Capacity: up to 18,000 spectators (depends on event)
Club and Luxury seats: 2,460
Sky boxes: 66
Party Boxes: 4
Seats in bars, restaurants and cafés: 2,900
Beers that can be tapped in one break: 10,00
Parking: 280 places
Population of its catchment area: 1.5 to 1.8 million people
		
		
		


== See also ==
List of European ice hockey arenas
List of tennis stadiums by capacity
The O2 Arena (London)


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to O2 Arena (Prague) at Wikimedia Commons

Official website of the O2 arena
<|endoftext|>
Catephia microcelis is a species of moth of the  family Erebidae. It is found in Nigeria.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Imma Clopés Gasull (born 19 January 1968 in Pedret i Marzà, Catalonia) is a retired heptathlete and pentathlete.


== Achievements ==


=== Personal bests ===
200 metres – 25.42 (+2.0 m/s) (Lisbon 1998)
800 metres – 2:20.55 (Tallinn 1997)
100 metres hurdles – 14.14 (+1.5 m/s) (Tallinn 1996)
High jump – 1.82 (Alhama de Murcia 1996)
Long jump – 6.09 (+1.7 m/s) (Alhama de Murcia 1995)
Shot put – 14.12 (Alhama de Murcia 1997)
Javelin throw – 43.12 (Logroño 2000)
Heptathlon – 5843 (Logroño 2000)


== External links ==
Inma Clopés at World Athletics
<|endoftext|>
William Beatson (1807 – 13 January 1870) was a London-trained architect who immigrated to New Zealand. He adapted contemporary English building design to meet the rigors of the New Zealand environment.


== Biography ==
William Beatson was born in Rotherhithe, Surrey, in 1807, the son of David Beatson (1775–1859) and Harriet Beatson née Whalesby (1780–1830). The Beatson family were well known in London's shipping industry. David Beatson arrived in London from Fife, Scotland, in about 1790, to join his cousins who were shipbreakers at Rotherhithe. By 1820, David was shipbreaking at Surrey Canal Wharf, eventually passing the business on to his oldest son, John Beatson (1802–1858). 
In 1838, the Beatson family enjoyed a dinner party aboard the historic HMS Temeraire as she was towed up the Thames to Beatson's breaking yard.It has been suggested that William Beatson was educated at Eton; however, he is not recorded at Eton and it is more likely that he attended Kings College, London.   William pursued a career in architecture under the tutorship of John Wallen and in 1830, he married John's daughter, Maria Wallen, at Bishopgate, London.  They lived at Park Road and also Edwin Place, Peckham, producing seven sons and two daughters.  As a qualified architect, William practiced in London until 1851, when he and his family boarded the barque Midlothian at Gravesend and set sail for New Zealand.
The Beatsons arrived in Lyttleton on 8 October 1851, resting briefly in Christchurch, before sailing to Nelson.  William and Maria's third daughter, Catherine Alice Beatson (1851–1925), was born soon after their arrival in Nelson.  William moved to Stoke, initially attempting to farm, before returning to architecture in 1857. During the unsuccessful farming venture, William completed his first New Zealand building project, "Guthrie Grange". This became his home and office from 1854 until 1866 when an increasing workload necessitated his move to an office in Nelson. He died at his home at Selwyn Place, Nelson, on 13 January 1870.  William's sons, William Ford Beatson (1833–1904) and Charles Edward Beatson (1846–1927) followed their father into his profession and successive generations have all produced at least one architect.


== Architectural career ==
During the late 1820s, William was articled to the prominent architect and surveyor, John Wallen and upon Wallen's recommendation; he was admitted to the Royal Academy in 1832. His time at the academy would have given him a deeper appreciation of the Classical and Gothic architecture. 
During the early 1830s, John Wallen, William Wallen and William Beatson formed a partnership which lasted at least until 1836 when the firm "Wallen, Son and Beatson" provided a substantial estimate for repairs to Christ Church in Spitalfields.  During 1838, William Wallen was commencing his new practice in Yorkshire and this is probably about the time Beatson also left the partnership to begin his own practice at 3 Bartholomew Lane.Few records exist of Beatson's work in London; however, the Alexander Turnbull Library in Wellington holds his drawings for a proposed school room for Streatham Church (1844), Cornbury Place, Old Kent Road (1846), and the Surrey Canal School, Rotherhithe (1849). Beatson completed Saint Paul's Chapel of Ease, Rotherhithe (consecrated in 1850), before his departure to New Zealand.Beatson understood the desire of his fellow settlers to retain the comfort of "Englishness" in their new homeland. However, he also understood the challenges and advantages of the New Zealand environment. This was a land prone to earthquakes that could damage, if not destroy, buildings built from stone; but unlike Victorian Britain, New Zealand had an abundance of timber. Beatson was probably persuaded by the Gothic revival that was influencing many of his contemporaries in England, therefore, his new work often utilised carved timber columns. However, instead of the traditional use of stone, he developed his own weatherboard walls to infill and brace his structures.William Beatson was Nelson's most prolific architect. His contributions included the Wesleyan Church, additions to Christ Church Cathedral (1859), the Union Bank of Australia, the Anglican Church at Richmond, St Barnabas Church at Stoke and several residences. He also designed several commercial buildings; his first project being a warehouse and offices for Morrison and Sclanders in Hardy Street (1863). Beatson's commercial buildings reflected a familiarity with the Italianate style that he acquired while working with Wallen.In 1859, Beatson was engaged to design Nelson College. Constrained by a budget and also torn between the potential risk to such a large number of students in the event of fire or earthquake, Beatson opted for a wooden building in a modest Jacobian style.  The College was completed in 1861, but it was destroyed by fire in 1904 and the handsome new brick replacement was seriously damaged in the 1929 Murchison earthquake. This building was eventually replaced with a concrete structure.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Cachisca Lake is a body of water in the Broadback River watershed in the Eeyou Istchee James Bay (municipality) area of the Nord-du-Québec, in the province of Quebec, in Canada. This lake is part of the territory of Assinica Wildlife Sanctuary and Turgis Township.
Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector. Recreational tourism activities come second.
The nearest forest road is located 50.3 kilometres (31.3 mi) south-east of the lake, the road skirting Mount Opémisca from the north; this road joins towards the south the route 113 (connecting Lebel-sur-Quévillon and Chibougamau) and the Canadian National Railway.
The surface of Cachisca Lake is usually frozen from early November to mid-May, however, safe ice movement is generally from mid-November to mid-April.


== Geography ==
Cachisca Lake has a length of 15.9 kilometres (9.9 mi), a maximum width of 6.2 kilometres (3.9 mi) and an altitude of 350 metres (1,150 ft). The shape of the lake is narrower towards the North and more flared towards the South where there are several islands and peninsulas.
Lake Cachisca is embedded between Opataca Lake (east) and Assinica Lake (west). Lake Cachisca is located to the south of mountains whose several peaks reach more than 500 metres (1,600 ft): eleven summits to the North et six summits to the West.
The mouth of Lake Cachisca is located at:

8.8 kilometres (5.5 mi) east of the mouth of Comencho Lake;
20.6 kilometres (12.8 mi) south-east of the mouth of Assinica Lake;
45.9 kilometres (28.5 mi) southeast of the mouth of the Assinica River (confluence with the Broadback River;
142.6 kilometres (88.6 mi) east of the mouth of Evans Lake;
283 kilometres (176 mi) east of the mouth of the Broadback River (confluence with Rupert Bay);
76.3 kilometres (47.4 mi) north-west of downtown Chibougamau;
73.5 kilometres (45.7 mi) northwest of the village center of Chapais, QuebecThe main hydrographic slopes near Cachisca Lake are:

North side: Frotet Lake, Regnault Lake, Chatillon River, Broadback River, Troilus Lake;
East side: Opataca Lake, Brock River West, Brock River North, Chibougamau River, Mistassini Lake;
South side: Comencho Lake, Waposite Lake, Chibougamau River, Brock River (Chibougamau River);
West side: Naomi Creek, Omo River, Omo Lake, Maicasagi River.


== Toponymy ==
Formerly, this body of water was designated "Lake Capacwachipsca". In 1939, the Quebec Geography Commission formalized this hydronym. Of Cree origin, this hydronym translates an abbreviated form of "Capacwachipsca", which could mean "lake rock in shallow water."The toponym "Lac Cachisca" was formalized on December 5, 1968, by the Commission de toponymie du Québec, when it was created.


== Notes and references ==


== See also ==
<|endoftext|>
"Absolutely" is a song by Eurogliders, released in February 1986 as the fourth single from their third studio album, Absolutely! (1985). The song peaked at number 29 on the Australian Kent Music Report. Part of the music video was filmed on top of Australian heritage artifact, Sydney Water Reservoir Number 1  in Sydney's Centennial Park.


== Track listing ==
7" Single

Side A "Absolutely"
Side B "Learning How to Swim"12" Single

Side A "Absolutely" (Extended Mix) - 6:41
Side B "Rescue Me"  (Recorded Live at Billboard, Melbourne)  - 2:592x 7" Single

Side A "Absolutely"
Side B "Rescue Me"  (Recorded Live at Billboard, Melbourne) 
Side C "Absolutely"  (Recorded Live at Billboard, Melbourne) 
Side D "Rescue Me"  (Recorded Live at Billboard, Melbourne) 


== Chart performance ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Dan Flavin (April 1, 1933 – November 29, 1996) was an American minimalist artist famous for creating sculptural objects and installations from commercially available fluorescent light fixtures.


== Early life and career ==
Daniel Nicholas Flavin Jr. was born in Jamaica, New York, of Irish Catholic descent, and was sent to Catholic schools. He studied for the priesthood at the Immaculate Conception Preparatory Seminary in Brooklyn between 1947 and 1952 before leaving to join his fraternal twin brother, David John Flavin, and enlist in the United States Air Force.During military service in 1954–55, Flavin was trained as an air weather meteorological technician and studied art through the adult extension program of the University of Maryland in Korea. Upon his return to New York in 1956, Flavin briefly attended the Hans Hofmann School of Fine Arts and studied art under Albert Urban. He later studied art history for a short time at the New School for Social Research, then moved on to Columbia University, where he studied painting and drawing.From 1959, Flavin was shortly employed as a mailroom clerk at the Guggenheim Museum and later as guard and elevator operator at the Museum of Modern Art, where he met Sol LeWitt, Lucy Lippard, and Robert Ryman.


== Personal life ==
In 1961, he married his first wife Sonja Severdija, an art history student at New York University and assistant office manager at the Museum of Modern Art. The first marriage ended in divorce by 1979. Flavin's twin brother, David, died in 1962.Flavin married his second wife, the artist Tracy Harris, in a ceremony at the Guggenheim Museum, in 1992.Flavin died in Riverhead, New York, of complications from diabetes. A memorial for him was held at the Dia Center for the Arts, on January 23, 1997. Speakers included Brydon Smith, curator of 20th-century art at the National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa; Fariha Friedrich, a Dia trustee; and Michael Venezia, an artist.


== Work ==


=== Early work ===
Flavin's first works were drawings and paintings that reflected the influence of Abstract Expressionism. In 1959, he began to make assemblages and mixed media collages that included found objects from the streets, especially crushed cans.In the summer of 1961, while working as a guard at the American Museum of Natural History in New York, Flavin started to make sketches for sculptures that incorporated electric lights. The first works to incorporate electric light were his "Icons" series: eight colored shallow, boxlike square constructions made from various materials such as wood, Formica, or Masonite. Constructed by the artist and his then-wife Sonja, the Icons had fluorescent tubes with incandescent and fluorescent bulbs attached to their sides, and sometimes beveled edges. One of these icons was dedicated to Flavin's twin brother David, who died of polio in 1962.


=== Mature work ===

The Diagonal of Personal Ecstasy (the Diagonal of May 25, 1963), a yellow fluorescent placed on a wall at a 45-degree angle from the floor and completed in 1963, was Flavin's first mature work; it is dedicated to Constantin Brâncuși and marks the beginning of Flavin's exclusive use of commercially available fluorescent light as a medium. A little later, The Nominal Three (to William of Ockham) (1963) consists of six vertical fluorescent tubes on a wall, one to the left, two in the center, three on the right, all emitting white light. He confined himself to a limited palette (red, blue, green, pink, yellow, ultraviolet, and four different whites) and form (straight two-, four-, six-, and eight-foot tubes, and, beginning in 1972, circles). In the decades that followed, he continued to use fluorescent structures to explore color, light and sculptural space, in works that filled gallery interiors. He started to reject studio production in favor of site-specific "situations" or "proposals" (as the artist preferred to classify his work). These structures cast both light and an eerily colored shade, while taking a variety of forms, including "corner pieces", "barriers," and "corridors". Most of Flavin's works were untitled, followed by a dedication in parenthesis to friends, artists, critics and others: the most famous of these include his Monuments to V. Tatlin, a homage to the Russian constructivist sculptor Vladimir Tatlin, a series of a total of fifty pyramidal wall pieces which he continued to work on between 1964 and 1990.
Flavin realized his first full installation piece, greens crossing greens (to Piet Mondrian who lacked green), for an exhibition at the Van Abbemuseum, Eindhoven, Netherlands, in 1966. In 1968 the Heiner Friedrich Gallery in Munich exhibited the light installation "Two primary series and one secondary", presented in three exhibition rooms, which Flavin developed especially for the gallery. The collector Karl Ströher purchased the installation in the same year. Peter Iden, founding director of the Museum für Moderne Kunst Frankfurt acquired the installation together with 86 other works from the former Ströher Collection for the Frankfurt Museum. After a first presentation in 1989, it was shown in various exhibitions at the museum between 1999 and 2002. Flavin himself examined the installation in Frankfurt in February 1993 and then adapted his installation concept for the museum.Flavin's "corridors", for example, control and impede the movement of the viewer through gallery space. They take various forms: some are bisected by two back-to-back rows of abutted fixtures, a divider that may be approached from either side but not penetrated (the color of the lamps differs from one side to the other). The first such corridor, untitled (to Jan and Ron Greenberg), was constructed for a 1973 solo exhibition at the St. Louis Art Museum, and is dedicated to a local gallerist and his wife. It is green and yellow; a gap (the width of a single "missing" fixture) reveals the cast glow of the color from beyond the divide. In subsequent barred corridors, Flavin would introduce regular spacing between the individual fixtures, thereby increasing the visibility of the light and allowing the colors to mix.By 1968, Flavin had developed his sculptures into room-size environments of light. That year, he outlined an entire gallery in ultraviolet light at documenta 4 in Kassel, Germany. In 1992, Flavin's original conception for a 1971 piece was fully realized in a site-specific installation that filled the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum's entire rotunda on the occasion of the museum's reopening.
Flavin generally conceived his sculptures in editions of three or five, but would wait to create individual works until they had been sold to avoid unnecessary production and storage costs. Until the point of sale, his sculptures existed as drawings or exhibition copies. As a result, the artist left behind more than 1,000 unrealized sculptures when he died in 1996.


=== Permanent installations ===
From 1975, Flavin installed permanent works in Europe and the United States, including "Untitled. In memory of Urs Graf" at the Kunstmuseum Basel (conceived 1972, realized 1975); the Kröller-Müller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (1977); Hudson River Museum, Yonkers, New York (1979); United States Courthouse, Anchorage, Alaska (1979–89); the Staatliche Kunsthalle Baden-Baden, Germany (1989); the lobby of the MetroTech Center (with Skidmore, Owings & Merrill), Brooklyn, New York (1992); seven lampposts outside the Städtische Galerie im Lenbachhaus, Munich (1994); Hypovereinsbank, Munich (1995); Institut Arbeit und Technik/Wissenschaftspark, Gelsenkirchen, Germany (1996); and the Union Bank of Switzerland, Bern (1996).  Additional sites for Flavin's architectural "interventions" became the Grand Central Station in New York (1976), Hamburger Bahnhof in Berlin (1996), and the Chinati Foundation in Marfa, Texas (2000). His large-scale work in colored fluorescent light for six buildings at the Chinati Foundation was initiated in the early 1980s, although the final plans were not completed until 1996. His last artwork was a site-specific work at Santa Maria Annunciata in Chiesa Rossa, Milan, Italy. The 1930s church was designed by Giovanni Muzio. The design for the piece was completed two days before Flavin's death on November 29, 1996. Its installation was completed one year later with the assistance of the Dia Center for the Arts and Fondazione Prada.The Menil Collection in Houston, Texas states that in 1990 Dominique de Menil approached Flavin to create a permanent, site-specific installation at Richmond Hall. Just two days before his death in November 1996 Flavin completed the design for the space. The artist's studio completed the work.Dia Bridgehampton a museum in Bridgehampton, New York opened in 1983 as the Dan Flavin Art Institute. It is run by the Dia Art Foundation and houses nine fluorescent light works by Flavin on permanent display in a gallery designed for them. Dia Bridgehampton is considered one of the 11 locations and sites the Dia Art Foundation manages.


=== Drawing ===
Living in Wainscott and Garrison, Flavin often drew the surrounding landscape, whether it was the Hudson Valley or the waters off Long Island. He also created small portraits and kept about 20 volumes of journals. Flavin collected drawings too, including works by Hudson River School artists like John Frederick Kensett, Jasper Francis Cropsey, and Sanford Robinson Gifford, along with examples of works on paper by early-19th-century Japanese artists like Hokusai and 20th-century European masters like Piet Mondrian and George Grosz. Flavin also exchanged works with Minimalist colleagues like Donald Judd and Sol LeWitt.


== Exhibitions ==
Flavin's first one-person exhibition using only fluorescent light opened at the Green Gallery in 1964. Two years later, his first European show opened at Rudolf Zwirner's gallery in Cologne, Germany. Favin's first major museum exhibition was held in 1967 at the Museum Of Contemporary Art, Chicago, where Jan van der Marck served as director. The first major retrospective of Flavin's work was organized by the National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa in 1969. In 1973, the Saint Louis Art Museum presented concurrent exhibitions of his works on paper and fluorescent sculptures. Among Flavin's many significant one-person exhibitions in Europe were shows at the Kunstmuseum Basel and Kunsthalle Basel (1975), the Staatliche Kunsthalle, Baden-Baden (1989), and the Städel, Frankfurt (1993).His first solo exhibition in Latin America was held at Fundación Proa, Buenos Aires, in 1998, organized with the Dia Art Foundation (Dan Flavin. 1933-96).
In 2006, Dia Art Foundation, along with the National Gallery of Art, organised a comprehensive exhibition named Dan Flavin: A Retrospective. It brought together more than 50 of Flavin's artworks.


=== Dan Flavin: A Retrospective (2004 – 2007) ===
In the late 1970s, he began a partnership with the Dia Art Foundation that resulted in the making of several permanent site-specific installations and led most recently to the organization of the traveling exhibition, Dan Flavin: A Retrospective (2004–2007). Flavin's retrospective exhibition traveled to the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago; the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.; the Museum of Modern Art, Fort Worth, Texas; Hayward Gallery, London; Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, Paris; Bayerische Staatsgemäldesammlungen, Pinakothek der Moderne, Munich; and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Los Angeles.  This exhibition was the first comprehensive retrospective devoted to his minimalist work. The exhibition included nearly 45 light works, including his "icons" series.  The MCA's presentation included the re-creation of the alternating pink and "gold" room from the original MCA exhibition in 1967, Flavin's first solo museum exhibition.


== Recognition ==
In 1964, Flavin received an award from the William and Norma Copley Foundation, Chicago, with a recommendation from Marcel Duchamp.
In 1973, he was named Albert Dorne Visiting Professor at the University of Bridgeport, Connecticut, and in 1976, he was given the Skowhegan Medal of Sculpture from Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture, Maine.
In 1983, the Dia Center for the Arts opened the Dan Flavin Art Institute in Bridgehampton, New York, a permanent exhibition of his works, designed by the artist in a converted firehouse which later served as an African-American church from 1924 through the mid-’70s. Flavin worked closely with architect Richard Gluckman and Jim Schaeufele, Dia's director of operations, on the renovation and design. Here, Flavin's works are exhibited in "rooms without windows or bearing an indirect relationship to its outside surroundings". The permanent display consists of nine all-fluorescent pieces, six in color and three dedicated to Schaeufele in three shades of white, as well as a drawing for an icon, not in the temporary exhibition, dedicated to his fraternal twin brother, David John.In the 2011 film Tower Heist, the Estate of Dan Flavin sent an expert to oversee the construction of a Flavin light installation that was recreated on the set.In 2017, Gallerist Vito Schnabel announced a collaboration with the estate of Dan Flavin. Schnabel is teaming up with the artist's son, Stephen Flavin, to present the Minimalist's light sculptures alongside works by European ceramicists admired and collected by his father. The show, curated by Stephen Flavin, marks the first time these works from the estate of Dan Flavin have been displayed side by side.


== Reception ==
In 2004, Ridinghouse and Thames & Hudson published It Is What It Is: Dan Flavin Since 1964, which assembles for the first time key essays on Flavin and reviews of his exhibitions. Spanning four decades, it charts the gradual evolution of consensus about the meaning of his art. Edited by Paula Feldman and Karsten Schubert, It Is What It Is includes texts by some of the most influential art historians and critics of today, such as Donald Judd, Dore Ashton, Rosalind Krauss, Lawrence Alloway, Germano Celant, Holland Cotter.  In 2010, artists Cindy Hinant and Nicolas Guagnini created the book FLAV which assembles primary archival texts and correspondence by and about Dan Flavin to create a narrative about the artist's personality which is not absent from the work as suggested by statements by Flavin like "It is what it is, and it ain't nothin' else... Everything is clearly, openly, plainly delivered."


== Art market ==
Each of the more than 750 light sculptures that Dan Flavin designed - usually in editions of three or five - were listed on index cards and filed away. When one sold, the buyer received a certificate containing a diagram of the work, its title and the artist's signature and stamp. If someone showed up with a certificate and a damaged fixture, Flavin would replace it.In 2004, Flavin's work Untitled ("monument" for V. Tatlin) (1964–1965) was sold for $735,500 at Christie's, New York.


== See also ==
Santa Maria Annunciata in Chiesa Rossa in Milan, Italy, last Dan Flavin's artwork.


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
It Is What It Is: Dan Flavin Since 1964, edited by Karsten Schubert and Paula Feldman. Ridinghouse in association with Thames & Hudson. 2004.
Dan Flavin: The Complete Lights, 1961-1996 by Michael Govan and Tiffany Bell. Yale University Press, New Haven, CT. 2004.
Dan Flavin: Lights, edited by Rainer Fuchs. Hatje Cantz Verlag, Ostfildern 2012. English ISBN 978-3-7757-3523-0.


== External links ==
The Estate of Dan Flavin at David Zwirner
Series and Progressions at David Zwirner
Dan Flavin: A Retrospective, The National Gallery of Art
The Dan Flavin Art Institute
Dan Flavin at Dia:Beacon
Villa & Panza Collection: Dan Flavin - Varese Corridor
Museum of Modern Art, Dan Flavin Images
Museum für Moderne Kunst, Sammlung
Guggenheim Museum, Dan Flavin
S. Maria Annunciata in Chiesa Rossa, Dan Flavin's last artwork
Dan Flavin at DASMAXIMUM KunstGegenwart
<|endoftext|>
Acrocercops thrylodes is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from India (Maharashtra).The larvae feed on Carissa carandas. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Thiruvadinilayam is a small town in Sri Lanka. It is located within Northern Province.


== See also ==
List of towns in Northern Province, Sri Lanka


== External links ==
Department of Census and Statistics -Sri Lanka
<|endoftext|>
Bogen Chapel (Norwegian: Bogen kapell) is a chapel of the Church of Norway in Steigen Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Leirvikbogen. It is an annex chapel in the Steigen parish which is part of the Salten prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white, wooden chapel was built in a long church style in 1926 using plans drawn up by the architect Sverre Kristiansen. In 1945, the chapel was temporarily occupied by the invading German army and used as a barracks for several months. In 1972, the chapel was extensively remodeled and restored.


== See also ==
List of churches in Sør-Hålogaland


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Wieżanka [vʲɛˈʐaŋka] (Ukrainian: Вежанка, Vezhanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Hamid Neshatjoo (born January 13, 1979) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Steel Azin F.C. in the IPL.


== Career ==
Neshatjoo has spent his entire career with Steel Azin F.C.


=== Club Career Statistics ===
Last Update  13 December 2010 


== References ==


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
Punkte (Points) is an orchestral composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen, given the work number ½ in his catalogue of works.


== History ==
Punkte originated as a punctual orchestral work which was begun in September in Hamburg and had reached a first-draft stage by 30 September. The final draft was completed on 24 October 1952, but the work remained unperformed and unpublished . The work did not receive the title by which it is known today until much later, however. In a letter dated 4 November 1952 to Alfred Schlee (the editor from Universal Edition in Vienna who, at the premiere of Stockhausen's Spiel at the Donaueschingen Festival in October, had offered to publish his works), Stockhausen initially called his new score Zweites Orchesterspiel / Kontrapunkte / für Saiten- und Blasinstrumente, and in a letter to his friend Karel Goeyvaerts dated 14 January 1953, he calls the orchestral work Nr. 4 Kontrapunkte, adding, "It will be very difficult to perform this work". At this point in time, the chamber composition now known as Kontra-Punkte (with a hyphen) was instead called simply Nr 5…, für 10 Instrumente. After a heated discussion in March with Hermann Scherchen, who Stockhausen hoped would conduct the work at a festival in Cologne, he decided to withdraw the score, and substituted the chamber work for ten instruments, now redesignated "Nr 1", and eventually given the title Kontra-Punkte. The withdrawn orchestral score, which has never been performed, was renamed Punkte at some unknown point in time.Stockhausen wholly recomposed this score in 1962, at which time it was given the retrospective work number ½ (the fraction indicating that it preceded his "work number 1"). Work was begun during a four-week stay in Finland in the summer, when Stockhausen was lecturing at the Jyväskylä summer university. It was intended for performance in Palermo later in the year, but the score was not finished in time and the event was cancelled. Having rescheduled the premiere for Donaueschingen the following year, Stockhausen resumed work in October 1962 while staying at the house of his Darmstadt pupil Jack Brimberg in Locust Valley on Long Island, New York. After some anxious correspondence with Heinrich Strobel, director of the Donaueschingen Festival, the score was completed and dispatched to Strobel on 28 February 1963.  In its new form, the "points" of the original version scarcely ever appear as such. Instead, they have become centres for groups, crowds, swarms, and vibrating masses, become nuclei of micro-musical organisms. This "renewed" composition was premiered on 20 October 1963 at the Donaueschingen Music Festival, by the Orchestra of the SWF, conducted by Pierre Boulez, and was published by Universal Edition that year in facsimile.Not yet satisfied with the result, Stockhausen made major changes to the new Punkte in 1964, and again in 1966. These versions were also published, and Stockhausen made further revisions in 1969, at which time Universal Edition began work on an engraved edition. Production stopped in 1973 only to restart in 1974 and, after Stockhausen made still more revisions in 1975, work resumed the next year. The engraved score was only finally finished (with further minor corrections made up to 1993) in 1996.


== Instrumentation ==


=== 1952 version ===
The original version was for a small orchestra of either 27 or 30 players:
1 flute
2 oboes
1 E♭ clarinet
1 B♭ clarinet
1 bass clarinet in B♭
1 soprano (changing to alto) saxophone
1 baritone saxophone
1 bass saxophone or bass sarrusophone
2 bassoons
1 horn in B♭
1 cornet in B♭
1 trumpet in C
1 trombone
1 [or 3] percussionists, playing 12 chromatically tuned bongos
1 piano (with softer tone, such as a Blüthner)
1 piano (with harder tone, such as a Bechstein)
2 harps (one with thin strips of paper woven through the strings)
2 violins [or 2 each first and second violins]
2 violas
2 [or just 1] cellos
1 contrabass


=== 1962–93 version ===
3 flutes (all + piccolo, 3rd + alto flute in G)
3 oboes (ob. 1  + oboe d'amore; oboe 3 + cor anglais)
3 clarinets (E♭ clarinet, B♭ clarinet, and bass clarinet in B♭)
3 bassoons (third + contrabassoon)
3 horns in F
3 trumpets in C
1 tenor trombone
1 bass trombone
1 bass tuba
3 percussionists:
tubular chimes, keyboard glockenspiel, 2 pedal timpani
vibraphone
marimbaphone
2 harps
2 pianos (second + celesta)
8 first violins
8 second violins
8 violas
6 cellos
4 contrabasses


== Analysis ==
Punkte is divided into 144 overarching sections, characterised by sets of shapes and textures. Each isolated tone of the 1952 version was used as a "nucleus", and these nuclei were composed out into a variety of complex figures. There are six basic triangular shapes, with the nucleus at one apex:
The nucleus tone is sustained while other pitches expand above it into a band: 
The nucleus tone is sustained while other pitches expand below it into a band: 
A band of sound begins, and the upper notes descend until only the nucleus is left at the bottom: 
A band of sound begins, and the lower notes ascend until only the nucleus is left at the top: 
The first two shapes are combined, so that pitches fan out in both directions to form a band both above and below the nucleus
The third and fourth shapes are combined, so that a band of pitches narrows toward the nucleus at the centreThe vertical width of each pitch band is controlled by a serial distribution of chromatic intervals, from a single tone, via the minor second, major second, minor third, and so on up to a major seventh.Each of these six shapes may be composed in any of six textures:
All notes continuous
Notes are rhythmicised
The sound texture is perforated by rests, sounding like Morse code
All notes in the texture make glissandos
All notes have tremolos or trills
The note attacks are "verticalised" into a succession of chordsSome of these textures can be combined. For example, the opening section of Punkte combines normal tones and trills. Similarly, there are places where the triangular sound shapes overlap so densely (due to the density of the points in the structure of the original 1952 version) that the entire space is filled with sound, leaving no silences. This situation suggested the idea of negative forms. The usual conception is that sounds are heard as being projected against a background of silence. In these negative structures, the situation is reversed. Sustained clusters are made to sound for a comparatively long time, from which some of the sounds are erased. The "holes" therefore are the music.Both durations and pitches are distributed through the use of permutations, which serve as an aid to repetition, without repeating exactly the same thing. Diversity in unity is the principle of permutation, in dividing the larger elements into their smaller components.


== Discography ==
1962 versionDonaueschinger Musiktage 1950–1990. Includes the world premiere of the 1962 version of Punkte, by the SWF Symphonie Orchester, Pierre Boulez, cond. Col Legno AU-031800 CD (4 CDs). Staufen im Breisgau: Aurophon, 1990. Also issued on 75 Jahren Donaueshinger Musiktage 1921–1996. Col Legno WWE 12CD 31889 (12 CDs). [N.p.]: Col Legno Musikproduktion GmbH, 1996.1966 versionStockhausen, Karlheinz. Chöre für Doris; Choral; "Atmen gibt das Leben . . ." ; Punkte für Orchester. North German Radio Symphony Orchestra Hamburg [in Punkte only]; Choir of the North German Radio Hamburg, Karlheinz Stockhausen, cond. Deutsche Grammophon LP 2530 641. Hamburg: Polydor International, 1976. This recording of Punkte reissued with Formel, Schlagtrio, and Spiel, on Stockhausen Complete Edition CD 2. Kürten: Stockhausen-Verlag, 2005.1993 versionStockhausen, Karlheinz. Gruppen für drei Orchester; Punkte. WDR Symphony Orchester, Arturo Tamayo, Péter Eötvös, Jacques Mercier, conds. (in Gruppen); Péter Eötvös, cond. (in Punkte). BMC CD 117. Punkte reissued separately, with a spoken introduction by the composer in German and English, on Stockhausen Complete Edition CD 81. Kürten: Stockhausen-Verlag, 2005.


== References ==


=== Cited sources ===
Attinello, Paul. 1999. "Karlheinz Stockhausen. Punkte für Orchester (1952/62), Werk Nr. 1/2: Korrekturen bis 1993. 1. Auflage der gedruckten Fassung 1995. [Vienna]: Universal Edition, [1996], c1966". Notes, second series, 55, no. 4 (June): 1014–16.
Blumröder, Christoph von. 1993. Die Grundlegung der Musik Karlheinz Stockhausens. Beihefte zum Arkiv für Musikwissenschaft 32, series edited by Hans Heinrich Eggebrecht in connection with Reinhold Brinkmann, Ludwig Finscher, Kurt von Fischer, Wolfgang Osthoff, and Albrecht Riethmüller. Stuttgart: Franz Steiner Verlag. ISBN 3-515-05696-3.
Frisius, Rudolf. 2008. Karlheinz Stockhausen II: Die Werke 1950–1977; Gespräch mit Karlheinz Stockhausen, "Es geht aufwärts". Mainz, London, Berlin, Madrid, New York, Paris, Prague, Tokyo, Toronto: Schott Musik International. ISBN 978-3-7957-0249-6.
Kurtz, Michael. 1992. Stockhausen: A Biography, translated by Richard Toop. London and Boston: Faber and Faber. ISBN 0-571-14323-7 (cloth); ISBN 0-571-17146-X (pbk).
Maconie, Robin. 2005. Other Planets: The Music of Karlheinz Stockhausen. Lanham, Maryland, Toronto, Oxford: The Scarecrow Press, Inc. ISBN 0-8108-5356-6.
Stockhausen, Karlheinz. 1971. "Punkte für Orchester". In his Texte zur Musik 3: 1963–1970, edited by Dieter Schnebel, 12–13. DuMont Dokumente. Cologne: Verlag M. DuMont Schauberg. ISBN 3-7701-0493-5.
Stockhausen, Karlheinz. 2009. Kompositorische Grundlagen Neuer Musik: Sechs Seminare für die Darmstädter Ferienkurse 1970, edited by Imke Misch. Kürten: Stockhausen-Stiftung für Musik. ISBN 978-3-00-027313-1.
<|endoftext|>
A global network is any communication network which spans the entire Earth. The term, as used in this article refers in a more restricted way to bidirectional communication networks, and to technology-based networks. Early networks such as international mail and unidirectional communication networks, such as radio and television, are described elsewhere.
The first global network was established using electrical telegraphy and global span was achieved in 1899. The telephony network was the second to achieve global status, in the 1950s. More recently, interconnected IP networks (principally the Internet, with estimated 2.5 billion users worldwide in 2014 ), and the GSM mobile communication network (with over 6 billion worldwide users in 2014) form the largest global networks of all.
Setting up global networks requires immensely costly and lengthy efforts lasting for decades. Elaborate interconnections, switching and routing devices, laying out physical carriers of information, such as land and submarine cables and earth stations must be set in operation. In addition, international communication protocols, legislation and agreements are involved.
Global networks might also refer to networks of individuals (such as scientists), communities (such as cities) and organizations (such as civil organizations) worldwide which, for instance, might have formed for the management, mitigation and resolval of global issues.


== Satellite global networks ==
Communication satellites are an important part of global networks. However, there are specific low Earth orbit (LEO) global satellite constellations, such as Iridium, Globalstar and Orbcomm, which are comprised by dozens of similar satellites which are put in orbit at regularly spaced positions and form a mesh network, sometimes sending and receiving information directly among themselves. Using VSAT technology, satellite internet access has become possible.


== Mobile wireless networks ==
It is estimated that 80% of the global mobile market uses the GSM standard, present in more than 212 countries and territories. Its ubiquity makes international roaming very common between mobile phone operators, enabling subscribers to use their phones in many parts of the world. In order to achieve this, these networks must be interconnected by way of peering arrangements, and therefore the GSM network is a truly global one.


== Network interconnection ==
The telegraph and telex communication networks have been phased out, so interconnection among existing global networks arise at several points, such as between the voice telephony and digital data networks, and between these and satellite networks. Many applications run now on several networks, such as VoIP (voice over IP). Mobile communication (voice and data) networks are also intimately intertwined, because the majority of 21st century cell phones have both voice and data (internet navigation and emailing) capabilities.
Digital global networks require huge carrying capacity in the main backbones. This is currently achieved by fiber optic cables.


== Social and economic impact ==
The Canadian sociologist Marshall McLuhan was the first to forecast the huge impact of the matrix of global networks upon society, coining the term global village. His work, however, related to radio and television networks, which are broadcast (unidirectional) networks, thus predating the much larger impact of the internet.Global networks have revolutionized human communication several times. The first to do so was the electrical telegraph. Its impact was so large that it has been dubbed the Victorian Internet. It was expanded many times in its coverage with the advent of radiotelegraphy, and with text messaging using telex machines.
The Internet and mobile communication networks have made possible entirely new forms of social interaction, activities and organizing, thanks to its basic features such as widespread usability and access, and instant communication from any connected point to another. Thus, its social impact has been, and still is, enormous. Finally, the impact on governance have been significant facilitating the emergence of 'transnational policy networks' 


== See also ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Kan Phai Mahidol  is a type of vine named Afgekia mahidoliae Burtt et Chermsir. in the family Leguminosae. It is found in Kanchanaburi province, Thailand. Its leaves are compound with 4-6 pairs of leaflets. The stem has several petiolules. The dorsal side of the leaf has brown colored hairs. The flower is an erect panicle with white and purple color. The pod is flat, short and round. Its scientific name is given in the honor of her Royal Highness Princess Srinagarindra, the Princess Mother.This vine was first scientifically described in Thailand by Kasem Chandraprasong, then Assistant Professor Jirayupin (Chirmsiriwattana) Chadraprasong and Mr. B. L. Burtt published its description and name and called it "Kan Phai Mahidol".
The plant has been made the symbolic plant of Mahidol university on February 19, 1999. The reasons were that it was discovered in Thailand, is easy to plant, it was a felicitous name and similar to the university's name. Moreover, although it is a vine, it has beautiful traits, can be set in to various types of bushes, has long life span as it can sprout anew after withering away. The vine's characteristics signifies prosperity and ability to adapt to changing environment.


== References ==

Kew Science: Plants of the World Online
Kan Pai Mahidol, The symbolic plant of Mahidol university at the Wayback Machine (archived 2009-03-20)
กันภัย at the Wayback Machine (archived 2014-08-07) Plant encyclopedia of Thailand
<|endoftext|>
Ernest Leo Harris, Jr. (born December 23, 1947) is an American politician. He was a member of the Kentucky Senate from the 26th District, first elected in 1994. He is a member of the Republican Party. He resigned from his office in 2020.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Food Allergy Initiative (FAI) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in 1998 with the mission to fund food allergy research that seeks a cure, to improve diagnosis and treatment, and to keep patients safe through advocacy and education.  FAI is the largest private source of funding for food allergy research in the United States.  As of 2011, the organization has raised more than $72 million towards these goals.  FAI consistently receives a four-star rating—the highest available—from Charity Navigator, the largest independent charity evaluator in the United States.


== Research ==
While working within the guidelines set forth by the National Institutes of Health in the Report of the NIH Expert Panel on Food Allergy Research, FAI works to increase:

The number of researchers and research projects that focus on food allergy
The number of institutions with food allergy clinical programs
The number of fellows and physicians trained to treat food-allergic patients
The amount of government funding allocated to food allergy researchFAI sponsors food allergy research across the United States at institutions such as Harvard Medical School, the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, and Mount Sinai School of Medicine of New York University.


== Advocacy ==
FAI played a key role in passing the Food Allergen Labeling & Consumer Protection Act of 2004


== Education and patient services ==
By working with the media, health care workers, camps, restaurants, food manufacturers, and education and childcare professionals, FAI tries to increase awareness of food allergies and anaphylaxis.


== See also ==
Food allergy (has images of hives, skin prick test and patch test)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Ball-Bartoe Aircraft Corporation was a US aerodynamics research firm and aircraft manufacturer established as a joint venture between Ball Corp and aerodynamicist Otto Bartoe in Boulder, Colorado in 1973. The firm conducted research into blown wings as a means of increasing aircraft lift at low airspeeds and constructed a research aircraft, the Ball-Bartoe Jetwing, as a testbed for these studies. The firm was dissolved in 1978.


== References ==
Gunston, Bill (1993). World Encyclopedia of Aircraft Manufacturers. Annapolis: Naval Institute Press. p. 39.
aerofiles.com
Ball Corporation website
<|endoftext|>
William H. Bassichis is an American physicist. He has been a physics professor  at Texas A&M University since 1970.  He is the author of a series of undergraduate physics textbooks titled Don't Panic, which is used by  some universities across North America. Before teaching at Texas A&M, Bassichis has done research at the Weizmann Institute of Science, the Centre d'études Nucléaires de Saclay, and the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory. He has also taught at MIT.


== Education ==
Bassichis graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1959. He received his master's  and his Ph.D. from Case Institute of Technology, in 1961 and 1963, respectively.


== Awards ==
Bassichis has been awarded the university-wide Faculty Distinguished Achievement Award for Teaching and two College of Science Faculty Distinguished Achievement Awards for Teaching, both awarded by The Association of Former Students.
On April 25, 2003, he named Presidential Professor for Teaching Excellence, a rank which was created by former university president Robert Gates.


== Research ==
Dr. Bassichis's research interests include nuclear theory with emphasis on many-body theory and the prediction of the properties of nuclei in terms of constituent interactions, nucleus-nucleus scattering theory, solar energy studies using flat plate collectors and the advantages of a vacuum environment.
Professor Bassichis has published 51 peer-reviewed articles in the field of theoretical atomic physics.  
The five most cited ones are: 

Bassichis, W. H.; Kerman, A. K.; Svenne, J. P. (1967-08-20). "Unrestricted Hartree-Fock Treatment of Finite Nuclei". Physical Review. American Physical Society (APS). 160 (4): 746–752. doi:10.1103/physrev.160.746. ISSN 0031-899X. (Times Cited: 124)
Bassichis, W.H.; Ripka, G. (1965). "A Hartree-Fock calculation of excited states of O16". Physics Letters. Elsevier BV. 15 (4): 320–322. doi:10.1016/0031-9163(65)91272-2. ISSN 0031-9163. (Times Cited: 109)
Bassichis, W. H.; Giraud, B.; Ripka, G. (1965-12-20). "Projected Hartree-Fock Spectra in Light Nuclei". Physical Review Letters. American Physical Society (APS). 15 (25): 980–982. doi:10.1103/physrevlett.15.980. ISSN 0031-9007. (Times Cited: 77)
Bassichis, W.H.; Pohl, B.A.; Kerman, A.K. (1968). "The effects of truncation in nuclear Hartree-Fock calculations". Nuclear Physics A. Elsevier BV. 112 (2): 360–371. doi:10.1016/0375-9474(68)90207-8. ISSN 0375-9474. (Times Cited: 42)
Bassichis, W. H.; Scheck, F. (1966-05-20). "Giant Dipole Resonances in the s−d Shell and Their Electromagnetic Properties". Physical Review. American Physical Society (APS). 145 (3): 771–778. doi:10.1103/physrev.145.771. ISSN 0031-899X. (Times Cited: 32)


== External links ==
William H. Bassichis Classpage
William H. Bassichis at Texas A&M Department of Physics


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The 11th Kansas Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.


== Service ==
The 11th Kansas Infantry was organized at Camp Lyon near Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, from August 29 through September 14, 1862. It mustered in on April 3, 1862, for three years under the command of Colonel Thomas Ewing, Jr..
The regiment moved to Fort Scott, Kansas, October 4–9, 1862, then to Pea Ridge, Arkansas, October 15–19. It was attached to 1st Brigade, 1st Division, Army of the Frontier, Department of Missouri, to February 1863. District of Rolla, Department of Missouri and District of Kansas, Department of Missouri, to April 1863.
The 11th Kansas Infantry ceased to exist at the end of April 1863 when it was mounted and changed to the 11th Kansas Cavalry.


== Detailed service ==
Action at Old Fort Wayne or Beattie's Prairie, near Maysville, October 22, 1862. Cane Hill, Boston Mountains, November 28. Boston Mountains December 4–6. Reed's Mountain December 6. Battle of Prairie Grove December 7. Expedition over Boston Mountains to Van Buren December 27–31. Moved to Springfield, Missouri, January 1863, and duty there until February 17. Moved to Forsyth, Missouri, then to Fort Scott, Kansas. On furlough March. Moved from Fort Scott to Salem, Missouri, then to Kansas City, Missouri, April 6–20.


== Commanders ==
Colonel Thomas Ewing, Jr.


== Notable members ==
Captain Henry Booth - organized Pawnee County, Kansas, and later became Speaker of the Kansas House of Representatives
2nd Lieutenant Preston B. Plumb - U.S. Senator from Kansas (1877–1891)
Private John C. Rooks - killed at the battle of Prairie Grove; Rooks County, Kansas, is named in his honor
Captain Edmund Ross - U.S. Senator from Kansas (1866–1870)


== See also ==

11th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry
List of Kansas Civil War Units
Kansas in the Civil War


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Encyclopedia of Arkansas
Engagement at Cane Hill
Skirmish at Reed's Mountain
Battle of Prairie Grove
Attribution This article contains text from a text now in the public domain: Dyer, Frederick H. (1908). A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion.  Des Moines, IA: Dyer Publishing Co.
<|endoftext|>
The term Pfeilstorch (German for "arrow stork") is given to storks injured by an arrow while wintering in Africa, before returning to Europe with the arrow stuck in their bodies. To date, around 25 Pfeilstörche have been documented.
The first and most famous Pfeilstorch was a white stork found in 1822 near the German village of Klütz, in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. It was carrying a 30-inch (76 cm) spear from central Africa in its neck. The specimen was stuffed and can be seen today in the zoological collection of the University of Rostock. It is therefore referred to as the Rostocker Pfeilstorch.This Pfeilstorch was crucial in understanding the migration of European birds. Before migration was understood, people struggled to explain the sudden annual disappearance of birds like the white stork and barn swallow. Besides migration, some theories of the time held that they turned into other kinds of birds, mice, or hibernated underwater during the winter, and such theories were even propagated by zoologists of the time. The Rostocker Pfeilstorch in particular proved that birds migrate long distances to wintering grounds.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Hagen, H. (1975). "Beobachtung eines Pfeilstorches in Ost-Afrika" [White Stork (Ciconia ciconia) with arrow protruding from its body seen in East Africa]. Ornithologische Mitteilungen (in German). 27 (5): 111–112.
<|endoftext|>
The politics of Greenland, an autonomous country (Greenlandic: nuna, Danish: land) within the Kingdom of Denmark, function in a framework of a parliamentary representative democratic dependency, whereby the prime minister is the head of government, and of a multi-party system. Executive power is exercised by the government. Legislative power is vested in both the government and parliament Inatsisartut. The judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature. Greenland has full autonomy on most matters, except on policies and decisions affecting the region including negotiations with the devolved legislatures and the Folketing (English: Parliament of Denmark).


== Executive power ==

Executive power rests with a high commissioner, and a prime minister heads the Cabinet. The high commissioner of Greenland is appointed by the monarch (on from 2011: Queen Margrethe II), and the prime minister is elected indirectly by parliament elections results for four-year terms.
The High Commissioner has a seat in the Inatsisartut, he or she is allowed to speak in the Inatsisartut regarding common Danish/Greenlandic affairs, but he or she is not allowed to vote. Following legislative elections, the leader of the party that wins the most seats is usually given the initiative to establish a new coalition by the Greenlandic Parliament, unless the current Naalakkersuisut Siulittaasuat (Prime Minister in English) is still in power. However, if he/she fails, the Chairman of the parliament asks all chairmen of the parties elected to the parliament, and asks them to point to another chairman who they feel can rightly form a new coalition. The chairman with the most votes is then handed the initiative. After forming the coalition, the Naalakkersuisut Siulittaasuat leads the Naalakkersuisut. The Naalakkersuisut will often consist of around 9 members. The coalition parties divide the various ministries among themselves and after this, the parties elect their representative to these ministries. Any other member of the cabinet is called a Naalakkersuisoq.


== Legislative branch ==
Legislative power is shared by the government and the legislature. The legislature Greenlandic Parliament (Greenlandic: Inatsisartut) is made up of 31 members elected by direct, popular vote to serve four-year terms by proportional representation. Election of 2 seats to the Danish Parliament (Danish: Folketing) was last held on June 5, 2019. The current composition is shown below.

All turnout figures include invalid votes, subtotals and totals exclude invalid votes

All turnout figures include invalid votes, total exclude invalid votes


== Judicial branch ==
Greenland's judicial system is based on the Danish civil law system, operates independently of the legislature and the executive. It has two court of first instance: the District Courts and the Court of Greenland depending on the type of case, whereas the High Court of Greenland hears cases as the second instance. Decisions made by the High Court of Greenland may be brought before the Supreme Court subject to the permission of the Appeals Permission Board. Appeals may be submitted to the Østre Landsret and the Supreme Court of Denmark (Højesteret).


== Political parties and elections ==

Greenland has a multi-party system (disputing independence versus unionism as well as left versus right). Governments are usually coalition governments. The Greenlandic Parliament (Inatsisartut) has 31 seats. Members are elected by popular vote to serve four-year terms.


== Administrative divisions ==

The island is administratively divided into 5 municipalities with about 74 cities and villages.


== International affairs ==
Along with diplomatic missions to the European Union and the United States, Greenland participates in the Nordic Council, Arctic Council, International Whaling Commission (Complete list of participation of Greenland in international organisations).
With Denmark having responsibility for Greenland's international affairs, other countries do not have direct diplomatic representation in Greenland — their embassies or consulates in Copenhagen are responsible for their relations with Greenland and their citizens staying or living there.
Greenland is represented internationally by the embassies and consulates of Denmark, although Greenland has an independent Representation to the European Union in Brussels since 1992 and in the United States in Washington D.C since 2014.Greenland maintains economic and cultural relations with Taiwan via Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Canada.


=== International organization participation ===
Arctic Council
Council of Europe
Inuit Circumpolar Conference
NATO
Nordic Council
Nordic Investment Bank
West Nordic Council


== See also ==

Arctic cooperation and politics
Arctic policy of Denmark
Politics of Denmark
List of Danish High Commissioners in Greenland
Foreign relations of Greenland
Greenland–European Union relations


== References ==


== External links ==
Prime Minister’s Office
Government of Greenland official government website (in English)
Greenland.com from the Greenland Tourism & Business Council
Statistics Greenland
<|endoftext|>
Misty Love is an American, multi-platinum award-winning rock, and Rhythm & Blues singer, who is best known for her association with Kid Rock, Sheryl Crow, and Ben Harper.


== Biography ==
Misty Love was born in Tampa, Florida and was raised in Detroit, Michigan. Misty was influenced by the Motown sound, and decided to become a singer at a young age. She currently resides in both Detroit, Michigan and Las Vegas, Nevada.
After performing with many different bands around the Detroit area, her first big break came when she was selected as a replacement for Caroline Crawford to be the lead singer for Bohannon.Between 1997 and 2003, Misty was a backing vocalist for Kid Rock, touring and appearing on the albums, Devil Without a Cause (1998), Cocky (2001), and Kid Rock (2003), and she also sang on the Kid Rock and Sheryl Crow platinum-selling song "Picture" (2003). She was featured on Kid Rock's breakout Grammy Award-nominated single "Bawitdaba", and "Cowboy".
During her time with Kid Rock, she appeared on many television shows and specials including Dick Clark's American Music Awards, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and The David Letterman Show.
Misty sang in the Grammy Award-winning movie Standing in the Shadows of Motown, and her vocals can also be heard in the soundtracks of the movies Coyote Ugly, Shanghai Noon, and Ready To Rumble.In 2009, along with Motown Alumni Association President Billy Wilson, she helped to create the Detroit Black Music Awards, which are held annually on the first Sunday of August, at the Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History.In association with the Motown Alumni Association, Misty Love has helped to produce several tribute shows including "A Tribute to Mary Wells", "A Tribute to Kim Weston", and "Tribute to the Motown Divas".To celebrate John Lee Hooker's 100th birthday anniversary in 2017, Misty Love joined drummer Muruga Booker, Rock & Roll Hall of Fame inductee guitarist J.C. "Billy" Davis, P-Funk guitarist Tony "Strat" Thomas, and bassist John Sauter to form the Booker Blues All-Stars, and released a CD called Booker Plays Hooker.


== Discography ==
Kid Rock - Devil Without A Cause (1998)
Various - Grammy Nominees 2000 (2000)
Kid Rock - Cocky (2001)
The Funk Brothers - Standing in the Shadows of Motown (Original Soundtrack) (2002)
Sheryl Crow - The Very Best of Sheryl Crow (2003)
Kid Rock - Kid Rock (2003)
Ben Harper - Diamonds On the Inside (2003)
The Funk Brothers - Standing in the Shadows of Motown (Original Soundtrack) (Deluxe Edition) (2004)
Self Defense - Shipwreck Union (2005)
Belita Woods - The Voice (2006)
Billy Ray Charles - Drunk, Busted, Disgusted and Can't Be Trusted (2010)
Booker, Dansby, Sauter & Love - The Hand I Was Dealt (2011)
Kid Rock - The Studio Albums: 1998 - 2012 (Box Set) (2015)
Booker Blues All Stars - Booker Plays Hooker (2017)


== Awards ==
Misty Love is a recipient of one gold record, eleven platinum record, and ten diamond record awards for singing on the hit CD, Devil Without A Cause with Kid Rock. Misty also received a platinum CD for singing behind Kid Rock and Sheryl Crow on their 2003 hit song "Picture".
Misty love performed on "Standing in the Shadows of Motown" which won the 2003 Grammy Award for "Best Compilation Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media"In 2014, Misty was awarded the "Spirit Award" by the R&B Hall of Fame.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Neusticomys is a genus of semiaquatic South American rodents in the family Cricetidae.The term Neusticomys derives from the two ancient greek words νευστικός (neustikós), meaning "able to swim", and μῦς (mûs), meaning "mouse, rat".This genus contains the following six species:

Ferreira's fish-eating rat (Neusticomys ferreirai) — Percequillo, Carmignotto & Silva, 2005
Montane fish-eating rat (N. monticolus) — Anthony, 1921
Musso's fish-eating rat (N. mussoi) — Ochoa G. & Soriano, 1991
Oyapock's fish-eating rat (N. oyapocki) — (Dubost & Petter, 1978)
Peruvian fish-eating rat (N. peruviensis) — (Musser & Gardner, 1974)
Venezuelan fish-eating rat (N. venezuelae) — (Anthony, 1929)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Under a Raging Moon is Roger Daltrey's sixth solo album issued in September 1985. The album reached No. 42 on the US charts, and the single "After the Fire", written by Pete Townshend, reached No. 48. It includes a tribute to Keith Moon, former drummer of The Who who died in 1978, on the track "Under a Raging Moon". In Canada, the album reached No. 33 on the RPM Magazine charts, and "After the Fire" reached No. 53.The album was produced by Alan Shacklock, recorded at RAK Recording Studios and Odyssey Studios, London, and released on Atlantic Records in the US. Later the album was also released on CD (Atlantic 7 81269-1) in the US, including the bonus track "Love Me Like You Do", written by Andy Nye.The track "Under a Raging Moon" was written by John Parr and Julia Downes. The track was a tribute to Keith Moon who died in 1978. It was said that John Entwistle had wanted to play this song instead of "Won't Get Fooled Again" at Live Aid in 1985 with The Who, but Pete Townshend disagreed so Entwistle decided to record his own version on his live solo album Left for Live as a further tribute to Moon.The album featured Zak Starkey playing drums; this was Starkey's second album that he had worked on, the other being Sun City released in the same year by Artists United Against Apartheid.
Daltrey later recalled "That was the album I really wanted to make ... it got great airplay and sold an awful lot."


== Critical reception ==
Mike DeGagne of Allmusic wrote about the title track: "Daltrey's thunderous but passionate ode to his former friend and drummer Keith Moon is a fervent downpour of frustration that can be truly felt inside every line of the song. A spectacular drum solo from Mark Brzezicki is a modest tribute to the late Moon and adds depth indefinitely."


== Track listing ==


== Extra track released on CD and cassette, not LP ==
This track was included as track six on the album, but only on the CD and cassette editions, not the record. The track was later released as the B-side to Daltrey's 1986 single, "Quicksilver Lightning", the theme to the Kevin Bacon film Quicksilver. 


== Personnel ==
Roger Daltrey – lead vocals, harmony vocals (Track 1), backing vocals (Track 11)), sequencing (Tracks 2, 11), emulator (Tracks 3–5), Hammond organ (Track 7)
Mark Brzezicki – drums, triangle and cabasa (Track 2), percussion (Track 3)
Tony Butler – bass (Track 1)
Robbie McIntosh – guitars (Tracks 1–6, 8–11), Strat-solo (Track 2), solo (Tracks 6, 7), slide solo (Track 10)
Bryan Adams – guitars
Nick Glennie-Smith – keyboards (Tracks 1–3, 8, 11
John Siegler – bass (Tracks 2–11)
Mark Feltham – harmonica (Tracks 5, 9)
Alan Shacklock – piano (Tracks 1, 6, 10), keyboards (Tracks 2, 3, 11), sequencing (Tracks 2, 11), emulator (Track 3), percussion (Track 4), Hammond organ (Tracks 6, 10), Fender Rhodes (Track 6), tambourine (Track 7), sampling (Track 8), acoustic guitar and sequencer (Track 10), Fairlight (Track 11)
Bruce Watson – E-bow (Track 1)
Russ Ballard – guitar and harmony vocals (Track 3)
Mark Williamson – harmony vocals (Tracks 2, 6), backing vocals (Tracks 3–5, 7, 8, 11)
Annie McCraig – backing vocals (Tracks 3–5, 7, 8, 11)
John Payne – backing vocals (Tracks 3–5, 7, 8, 11)
John Parr – backing vocals (Track 11)
Steve Rance – Fairlight CMI (Track 11)
On track 10, drummers in order of performance:
Martin Chambers
Roger Taylor
Cozy Powell
Stewart Copeland
Zak Starkey
Carl Palmer
Mark Brzezicki
Mark Brzezicki and Zak Starkey – outroTechnicalWill Gosling – recording
Graham Hughes – sleeve concept, photography


== Singles chart position ==
"After The Fire" No. 48, 1985
"Let Me Down Easy" No. 86, 1986


== See also ==
Roger Daltrey discography


== References ==


== External links ==
Under a Raging Moon at Discogs (list of releases)
<|endoftext|>
Eugene Collins Pulliam (May 3, 1889 – June 23, 1975) was an American newspaper publisher and businessman who was the founder and president of Central Newspapers Inc., a media holding company. During his sixty-three years as newspaper publisher, Pulliam acquired forty-six newspapers across the United States. Major holdings of Central Newspapers, which he founded in 1934, included the Indianapolis Star, the Indianapolis News, the Arizona Republic, and the Phoenix Gazette, as well as newspaper in smaller cities in Indiana, Arizona, and other states. Pulliam's early career included work as a reporter for the Kansas City Star and as editor and publisher of the Atchison (Kansas) Daily Champion. Prior to 1960 Pulliam also operated radio stations WAOV and WIRE in Indiana and KTAR in Arizona. The Kansas native, a graduate from DePauw University in 1910, founded the DePauw Daily, an independent student newspaper, and in 1909 was one of ten DePauw students who cofounded Sigma Delta Chi, a journalism fraternity that was later renamed the Society of Professional Journalists. In August 2000, the Gannett Company acquired Central Newspapers for US$2.6 billion, with the Eugene C. Pulliam Trust as the principal beneficiary of the sale.
Well known as a political conservative, Pulliam was a delegate to the Republican national convention in 1952 that named General Dwight D. Eisenhower as the Republican Party's presidential nominee. Pulliam was also an outspoken advocate of freedom of the press. Pulliam wrote and published "Window on the Right," a syndicated domestic-affairs column during the 1960s; wrote The Unchanging Responsibility of the American Newspaper in a Changing Society (1970); The People and the Press: Partners for Freedom (1965), coauthored with Frederic S. Marquardt; and South America, Land of the Future, Jewel of the Past (1951), coauthored with his wife, Nina Mason Pulliam. Pulliam was the father of newspaper publisher Eugene Smith Pulliam; Martha Corinne (Pulliam) Quayle, the mother of Dan Quayle, the 44th Vice President of the United States; and Helen Suzanne (Pulliam) Murphy. He was a trustee of DePauw University, a three-term member the Associated Press's board of directors, and a member of New York Central Railroad's board of directors, as well as a founder of the Phoenix Zoo.


== Early life and education ==
Pulliam was born on May 3, 1889, in a sod dugout house at Ulysses in Grant County, Kansas, to Martha Ellen (Collins) and Reverend Irvin Brown Pulliam, who was a Methodist missionary sent to establish church congregations in the frontier towns of western Kansas. The Pulliam family moved frequently and Eugene grew up in a variety of prairie towns. He got his first taste of the newspaper business as a six-year-old boy selling newspapers in Chanute, Kansas.Pulliam entered DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana, in 1906. While a student at DePauw, Pulliam was a campus correspondent for the Indianapolis Star, a member of the Psi Phi chapter of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity, and founder of the DePauw Daily, an independent student newspaper.  He was also a cofounder, in 1909, with nine other students at DePauw of Sigma Delta Chi, a journalism fraternity that was later renamed the Society of Professional Journalists. Pulliam graduated from DePauw in 1910. Later in life he served for thirty-two years as a member of DePauw's board of trustees and also chaired a committee that had a monument erected outside of DePauw's East College to commemorate the founding of Sigma Delta Chi.


== Marriage and family ==
Eugene C. Pulliam married Myrta Smith, a former college classmate, in 1912. Their son, Eugene S. Pulliam, was born on September 7, 1914, and joined the family business in 1935 as director of WIRE, an Indianapolis radio station his father owned at that time. Myrta (Smith) Pulliam died in 1917. Eugene Smith Pulliam died on January 20, 1999.Eugene C. Pulliam married Martha Ott (1891–1991) of Franklin, Indiana, in 1919; they divorced in 1941. Eugene and Martha Pulliam were the parents of two daughters, Martha Corinne Pulliam, who later married James Cline Quayle, and Helen Suzanne Pulliam, who later married William Murphy. Martha (Ott) Pulliam, a graduate of Franklin College, was publisher of the Lebanon (Indiana) Reporter from the early 1940s to December 1990. She died in 1991. James and Martha C. (Pulliam) Quayle were the parents of Dan Quayle (Eugene C. Pulliam's grandson), who served as the 44th Vice President of the United States from 1989 to 1993.Following his divorce from Martha (Ott) Pulliam in 1941 Eugene C. Pulliam married Nina G. Mason (1906–1997). During their thirty-four-year marriage, which ended upon his death in 1975, Nina (Mason) Pulliam served as secretary-treasurer and a board member of Central Newspapers, Inc., the holding company that Eugene Pulliam founded in 1934. Eugene and Nina Pulliam also traveled extensively, including a twenty-two-nation tour in 1947. During their extended trips they filed reports of their experiences, which were published in the Pulliam newspapers. They also coauthored South America, Land of the Future, Jewel of the Past (1951). Nina (Mason) Pulliam died on March 26, 1997.


== Career ==


=== Early career ===
After graduating from DePauw University in 1910, Pulliam moved to Atchison, Kansas, where he began working at the Atchison Daily Champion. A few months later, he received a job to become a reporter at the Kansas City Star, at that time the largest newspaper in the lower Midwest, and moved to Kansas City. In 1912, at the age of twenty-three, Pulliam returned to Atchison to become the editor and publisher of the Daily Champion. He is believed to have been one of the youngest newspaper editors in the United States at that time. With financial backing from his first wife's family, Pulliam purchased the Daily Champion, which was the first of forty-six newspapers he eventually owned. In 1915, Pulliam sold the Daily Champion and bought the Franklin (Indiana) Star. In 1923, he sold the Franklin Star and purchased the Lebanon (Indiana) Reporter.


=== Publisher ===
After moving to Oklahoma in 1929, Pulliam bought six newspapers and established the Oklahoma Newspapers, Inc. During the Great Depression, Pulliam operated twenty-three newspapers and in 1930 became president of Vincennes Newspapers, the predecessor to Central Newspapers, Inc., a holding company he formed in 1934. During his sixty-three years as a newspaper publisher, Pulliam operated forth-six newspapers. He subsequently expanded his holdings through acquisitions of newspapers in the eastern United States (in Massachusetts, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania), in the southeast (in North Carolina, Georgia, and Florida), and in the Midwest (in Indiana and Kentucky). Central Newspapers holdings included newspaper outlets in several Indiana cities and in Arizona. As president of Central Newspapers, Inc., Pulliam's publishing holdings came to include the Franklin (Indiana) Evening Star; the Lebanon Reporter; the Indianapolis Star, which he acquired in 1944; the Muncie Star; the Arizona Republic and its one-time rival the Phoenix Gazette, both of which were purchased in 1946; the Indianapolis News, acquired in 1948; and the Huntington Herald-Press.


=== Other business interests ===
Prior to 1960, Pulliam was head of radio stations WAOV and WIRE in Indiana and KTAR in Arizona. He also served three successive terms as a member of the Associated Press’s board of directors, from 1961 to 1969, as well as a vice president of the organization. In addition, Pulliam was a major stockholder of the New York Central Railroad, becoming a director of the railroad company in 1954.


== Political supporter ==
Pulliam was an active supporter of General Dwight D. Eisenhower's bid for U.S. president and served as a delegate to the 1952 Republican National Convention in Chicago, Illinois, where General Eisenhower was named the Republican Party's presidential nominee. However, Pulliam was less willing to endorse Barry Goldwater's candidacy against President Lyndon Johnson in the 1964 presidential race. Well known as a political conservative, Pulliam also wrote and published a syndicated domestic-affairs column called "Window on the Right" during the 1960s. In addition, Pulliam was an outspoken advocate of freedom of the press.


== Death and legacy ==
Pulliam died after suffering a heart attack at his retirement home in Phoenix, Arizona, on June 23, 1975, at the age of eighty-six. His remains are interred at Oak Hill Cemetery in Lebanon, Indiana. Over a career that spanned six decades, Pulliam either owned or operated forty-six newspapers in the United States. At the time of his death, Pulliam was publisher of The Arizona Republic, the Phoenix Gazette, and owner of the Indianapolis Star, the  Indianapolis News, the Muncie Star, the  Muncie Press, and the Vincennes Sun Commercial.Nina (Mason) Pulliam, his widow, became president of Central Newspapers, retaining the office until 1979. She also served from 1975 to 1978 as the publisher of the Arizona Republic and the Phoenix Gazette. She stepped down as publisher of the two Arizona newspapers in 1978 and retired from Central Newspapers in 1979 at the age of seventy-three. Eugene C. and Nina Mason Pulliam were also among the founders of the Phoenix Zoo.Pulliam's son, Eugene S. Pulliam, took over as publisher of the Indianapolis Star and the Indianapolis News, the Central Newspapers company's two major newspapers in Indianapolis. In 1975, the Indianapolis Star won a Pulitzer Prize for its series on police corruption, with Eugene C. Pulliam's granddaughter, Myrta Pulliam, as a contributor.  In 1991 the  Indianapolis Star won another Pulitzer Prize for its investigation of medical malpractice in Indiana.On August 1, 2000, the Gannett acquired Central Newspapers, Inc., for $2.6 billion. The Eugene C. Pulliam Trust, which owned 78 percent of the company's stock, was the principal beneficiary of the transaction. As a condition of his will, Pulliam had ordered that the trust could not sell the corporation unless it was "seriously threatened" by a "substantially complete loss" of value. In a somewhat controversial move the trustees interpreted this clause loosely and declared that the merger would be the only way to prevent the corporation from suffering a long-term loss of value.


== Honors and awards ==
Received honorary degrees from Wabash College, Indiana University, Huntington College, Franklin College, Indiana Technical College, Vincennes University, Arizona State University, Baker University, and Norwich University.
Elected an honorary president of the national Sigma Delta Chi journalism society in 1959; named a Sigma Delta Chi fellow in 1967; awarded the Wells Key, Sigma Delta Chi's highest honor for members, in 1969.
Named an honorary member of the International Printing Pressmen and Assistants Union of North America in 1965.
Named a trustee of William Allen White Foundation at the University of Kansas in 1966.
Inducted into the Indiana Journalism Hall of Fame in 1966.
Received the John Peter Zenger Award for Press Freedom from the University of Arizona in 1965.
Received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement in 1968.
The Eugene C. Pulliam Fellowship for Editorial Writing, a program of the Sigma Delta Chi Foundation, was introduced in 1977 with funding from his widow, Nina Pulliam, to provide an annual cash award (US$75,000 in 2019) to editorial writers and columnists working at a news publication in the United States.
Inducted into DePauw University's Media Hall of Fame in 1995, along with his son.


== Selected published works ==
South America, Land of the Future, Jewel of the Past (1951).
The People and the Press: Partners for Freedom (1965), coauthored with Frederic S. Marquardt
The Unchanging Responsibility of the American Newspaper in a Changing Society (1970)


== References ==


== External links ==
Eugene C. Pulliam Collection, at the Indiana State Library, Indianapolis
<|endoftext|>
Afroneta is a genus of dwarf spiders that was first described by Å. Holm in 1968.


== Species ==
As of May 2019 it contains twenty-nine species:
Afroneta altivaga Holm, 1968 – Congo
Afroneta annulata Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta bamilekei Bosmans, 1988 – Cameroon
Afroneta basilewskyi Holm, 1968 – Tanzania
Afroneta blesti Merrett & Russell-Smith, 1996 – Ethiopia
Afroneta elgonensis Merrett, 2004 – Kenya
Afroneta erecta Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta flavescens Frick & Scharff, 2018 – Kenya
Afroneta fulva Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta fusca Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta guttata Holm, 1968 – Congo
Afroneta immaculata Holm, 1968 (type) – Congo
Afroneta immaculoides Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta lativulva Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta lobeliae Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta longipalpis Ledoux & Attié, 2008 – Réunion
Afroneta longispinosa Holm, 1968 – Congo
Afroneta maculata Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta millidgei Merrett & Russell-Smith, 1996 – Ethiopia
Afroneta pallens Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta picta Holm, 1968 – Congo
Afroneta praticola Holm, 1968 – Tanzania
Afroneta sarahae Frick & Scharff, 2018 – Kenya
Afroneta serrata Frick & Scharff, 2018 – Kenya
Afroneta snazelli Merrett & Russell-Smith, 1996 – Ethiopia
Afroneta subfusca Holm, 1968 – Congo
Afroneta subfuscoides Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta tenuivulva Merrett, 2004 – Congo
Afroneta tristis Merrett, 2004 – Congo


== See also ==
List of Linyphiidae species


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Takuma Asano (Japanese: 浅野 拓磨 Asano Takuma; born 10 November 1994) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Serbian club Partizan and the Japan national team.


== Club career ==


=== Sanfrecce Hiroshima ===
After attending Yokkaichi Chuo Technical High School, Asano joined Sanfrecce Hiroshima at the age of 18 in January 2013. He went on to win the J1 League in his debut season, making one appearance in the process.
Asano went on to win the Japanese Super Cup in 2014, while starting to break into the squad for the J1 League. He helped the side lift the league title for a second time in 2015, this time adding nine goals in 34 appearances. Due to his performances, Asano was named the J1 League Rookie of the Year.


=== Arsenal ===
On 3 July 2016, Asano was announced as Arsenal's second signing of the season, subject to a medical and international clearance. Manager Arsène Wenger described him as "a talented young striker and very much one for the future". However, Asano was refused a work permit to play in the Premier League.


==== Loan to VfB Stuttgart ====
On 26 August 2016, Asano was loaned out to VfB Stuttgart until the end of the season with an option for a further year. He made his debut in a 2–1 home loss to 1. FC Heidenheim two weeks later. On 9 April 2017, Asano scored a brace to give his side a 2–0 win over Karlsruher SC. He helped the team win the Zweite Bundesliga and take promotion to the top flight.
On 22 June 2017, the loan deal with Stuttgart was extended for another season.


==== Loan to Hannover 96 ====
On 23 May 2018, Asano was sent on season-long loan to Bundesliga side Hannover 96.


=== Partizan ===
On 1 August 2019, Asano completed his move to Serbian club Partizan. He signed a three-year contract and was given the number 11 shirt, while becoming the first Japanese player in club history.Asano scored on his debut in an eventual 3–1 home win over Turkish club Yeni Malatyaspor in the first leg of the Europa League third qualifying round.


== International career ==


=== Youth ===
At youth level, Asano won a gold medal at the 2016 AFC U-23 Championship, scoring a brace against South Korea to give his side a 3–2 win in the final. He also represented Japan at the 2016 Summer Olympics, netting two goals in the tournament, as the team exited in the group stage.


=== Senior ===
On 7 May 2015, Asano was invited by Japan manager Vahid Halilhodžić for a two-day training camp. He was subsequently called up to the team for the upcoming 2015 EAFF East Asian Cup. Asano scored his first goal for Samurai Blue in a 7–2 win over Bulgaria at the 2016 Kirin Cup.In March 2018, manager Vahid Halilhodžić left out Asano and Yosuke Ideguchi for friendly matches with Mali and Ukraine in preparations for the 2018 World Cup due to lack of playing time at club level, commenting, "It makes me sad that Asano and Ideguchi are not playing. They were the heroes of our qualifying game against Australia. They haven't been chosen this time, and if things continue the way they are, there is a chance that they won't be chosen for the World Cup". In May, Asano was named in Japan's preliminary squad for the World Cup, but failed to make the final cut.


== Statistics ==


=== Club ===
As of 15 December 2019


=== International ===
As of 30 March 2021


=== International goals ===
Scores and results list Japan's goal tally first.


== Honours ==


=== Club ===
Sanfrecce HiroshimaJ1 League: 2013, 2015
Japanese Super Cup: 2013, 2014, 2016VfB Stuttgart2. Bundesliga: 2016–17


=== International ===
JapanAFC U-23 Championship: 2016


=== Individual ===
J.League Rookie of the Year: 2015


== References ==


== External links ==
Takuma Asano at Soccerbase
Takuma Asano at FootballDatabase.eu
Takuma Asano at J.League (in Japanese) 
Takuma Asano – FIFA competition record 
Takuma Asano – UEFA competition record
Takuma Asano at National-Football-Teams.com
<|endoftext|>
The Bolivia–Georgia relations are the diplomatic relations between the Plurinational State of Bolivia, in South America, and Georgia, in Europe.


== History ==
The diplomatic relations between Bolivia and Georgia date back to 20 November 1998, even though the first Bolivian envoy presented his credentials to Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze only in 2002.
Bolivia enjoyed a visa-free regime with Georgia early on, as part of Georgian President Saakashvili's visa liberalization policy. However, in 2014, the Georgian government scrapped the Bolivian visa-free agreement, citing security reasons.
Despite the tensions between Tbilisi and Sucre, several high-level meetings have been held over time. President Saakashvili met with Evo Morales in 2011 in New York City, while Georgian and Bolivian legislators held a working session in March 2018 during the 138th Assembly of the Inter-Parliamentary Union in Geneva.
In 2010, a Memorandum of Understanding was signed between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Bolivia and Georgia in Sucre, setting up bilateral consultations on economy, agriculture, culture and education.


=== Bolivia and the Georgian region of Abkhazia ===
The tension have been emphasized since the 2008 Russo-Georgian War, when Bolivia was one of the few nations to not condemn Russia's invasion during the five-day war. Ever since the conflict, Bolivia has consistently voted with Russia on any votes concerning Georgia at the United Nations, notably against the annual Georgia-sponsored resolution calling for the return of internally displaced persons to Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
Bolivia was rumored to consider recognizing the independence of Georgia's two separatist republics as early as September 2008, but never moved forward with the act. In 2009, following Venezuela's recognition of the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez stated wanting to lobby Bolivia to follow track and in 2010, an Abkhaz delegation led by Foreign Minister Maxim Gvindzhiya visited Bolivia to try and establish diplomatic relations with Sucre.
Bolivia recognizes and respects the territorial integrity of Georgia.


== See also ==
Foreign relations of Bolivia
Foreign relations of Georgia


== Diplomatic Missions ==
Bolivia has had only one accredited ambassador to Georgia, although the latter was based out of Moscow and covered most of the post-Soviet republics :

2002–2004: Dr. Gonzalo de Acha Prado (residence in Moscow)Since 2014, Georgia accredited its Embassy in Argentina to also cover, among others, Bolivia. The heads of the mission have been:

2011–2014: Otar Berdzenishvili (residence in Brasilia)
2014–2017: Gela Sekhniashvili (residence in Buenos Aires)
2018–: Irakli Kurashvili (residence in Buenos Aires)
<|endoftext|>
Almir Izmailovich Kayumov (Russian: Альмир Измайлович Каюмов; 30 December 1964 – 7 August 2013) was a Russian football player and referee.


== Career ==
Kayumov played for FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk, FC Lada Togliatti, Spartak Moscow, Rotor Volgograd, SKA Rostov-on-Don, in Russia, the Daewoo Royals in South Korea, and Kuopion Palloseura in Finland. He played 6 games in the UEFA Cup 1986–87 for FC Spartak Moscow.
On November 9, 2009, it was reported that Kayumov attempted to commit suicide by jumping out of his apartment window. Police negotiators talked him down, however, and he was brought to a psychiatric hospital. Kayumov later denied this, stating that he had just an ordinary treatment.


== Death ==
Kayumov died on 7 August 2013, when he was hit by a GAZelle truck in Smolensk. According to investigators, his death was a suicide as the surveillance camera footage showed that he jumped in front of the truck.


== Honours ==
Soviet Top League champion: 1987.
Soviet Top League runner-up: 1984, 1985.
Soviet Top League bronze: 1986.
Soviet Cup winner: 1992.


== References ==


== External links ==
Almir Kayumov – K League stats at kleague.com (in Korean) 
Almir Kayumov referee profile at Soccerway
<|endoftext|>
KPSF (1200 AM, "Pure Radio") and 100.9 FM is a radio station licensed to Cathedral City, California. It airs a Christian radio format. The station is owned by CRC Broadcasting. KPSF signed on March 5, 2012. The station shares its transmitter site with sister station KXPS.On July 11, 2019, KPSF changed their format from business talk to Christian radio, branded as "Pure Radio".


== Previous logo ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
KPSF in the FCC's AM station database
KPSF on Radio-Locator
KPSF in Nielsen Audio's AM station databaseK265FH in the FCC's FM station database
K265FH on Radio-Locator
<|endoftext|>
The men's 200 metres event at the 2013 Summer Universiade was held on 9–10 July.


== Medalists ==


== Results ==


=== Heats ===
Qualification: First 3 in each heat and 2 best performers advanced to the quarterfinals.Wind:Heat 1: -0.2 m/s, Heat 2: ? m/s, Heat 3: -0.3 m/s, Heat 4: 0.0 m/s, Heat 5: +0.5 m/sHeat 6: +1.1 m/s, Heat 7: +0.8 m/s, Heat 8: +1.1 m/s, Heat 9: +1.1 m/s, Heat 10: +1.1 m/s


=== Quarterfinals ===
Qualification: First 3 in each heat and 4 best performers advanced to the Semifinals.Wind:Heat 1: +0.1 m/s, Heat 2: +1.7 m/s, Heat 3: +0.8 m/s, Heat 4: +0.4 m/s


=== Semifinals ===
Qualification: First 4 in each heat advanced to the Final.Wind:Heat 1: +2.2 m/s, Heat 2: +2.9 m/s


=== Final ===
Wind: +2.4 m/s


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The U.S. – Montenegro Business Council is a Maryland-based trade association aimed at promoting trade and investment opportunities between the United States and Montenegro.  With offices in both Maryland and Montenegro, the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council makes available to its members a forum whereby they can familiarize themselves with the business opportunities available in both countries and identify appropriate institutions and individuals who can assist in this process.  To fulfill this mission, the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council assists its members by providing them with the resources and knowledge necessary to successfully pursue business opportunities in the United States and Montenegro.


== Activities ==
The activities of the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council fall into the following categories:

Market Research - Conduct tailored market research covering issues such as:  sector trends, competitors, product/service offerings, distribution channels, and price points.
Foreign Company Research - Identify and qualify potential overseas representation, joint venture partners, agents and distributors for United States and Montenegrin companies, and contacts in government, non-corporate, and the private sector.
Counseling - Provide pre-market entry, preparatory, transactional, and crisis counseling; develop international strategic plans.
Representation Before a Foreign Partner - Provide general expertise on deal structuring including counseling, contract terms, pricing and discounts, and negotiation support.
Government Relations - Coordinate legislative activities at the federal and State levels of government, including the United States Congress, the State legislative bodies, and other relevant units of government.
Rule of Law - Arrange multidisciplinary collaboration regarding ways to advance the rule of law.
Social - Briefings, conferences, and networking opportunities.


== Accomplishments ==
Since its formation, the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council has had a number of professional accomplishments.  Such accomplishments include:

August 1, 2009 - The U.S. – Montenegro Business Council released an international trade and investment documentary, Montenegro: Jewel of the Adriatic, highlighting trade and business opportunities between the United States and Montenegro.
December 16, 2008 - The State of Maryland established a foreign trade office in the Western Balkans (headquartered in Podgorica) through the efforts of the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council.  As a direct result of these efforts the State of Maryland is the first state of any state in the United States to have a physical presence in the Western Balkans.
October 28, 2008 - The University of Baltimore School of Law in collaboration with the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council shipped American legal textbooks to Montenegro's two law schools: the University of Montenegro and University of UDG in Podgorica.  This shipment of legal textbooks is in support of the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council's mission of advancing the rule of law.
September 8, 2008 - The U.S. – Montenegro Business Council was instrumental in arranging for Mayor Miomir Mugoša and John P. McDonough, Maryland Secretary of State, to sign a Friendship Agreement between the State of Maryland and Podgorica, the capital of Montenegro.  The Friendship Agreement between the State of Maryland and Podgorica is the first time any region of Montenegro and any State of the United States have formally agreed to work together to develop and promote trade and investment relations.
May 8, 2008 - The U.S. – Montenegro Business Council was instrumental in arranging for Montenegro's Minister of Economy Branimir Gvozdenović to meet with James White, the Executive Director of the Maryland Port Administration, and Secretary David Edgerley of Maryland's Department of Business and Economic Development, to discuss furthering trade opportunities and business exchange programs between Montenegro and the State of Maryland.
April 10, 2008 - The U.S. – Montenegro Business Council along with the University of Baltimore School of Law hosted an event entitled “An Independent Montenegro Year Two: Moving toward NATO and the EU.”  Miodrag Vlahović, Montenegro's Ambassador to the United States, was the featured speaker.


== Leadership ==
On October 24, 2008, Charles T. Dillon, Esq. was appointed President of the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council.  Mr. Dillon is a Maryland-based business transaction and tax attorney with the Law Office of Charles T. Dillon, and a Tax Scholar from Georgetown University Law Center.  Svetlana Vukcevic is the Executive Director of the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council in Podgorica, Montenegro.
The U.S. – Montenegro Business Council's Board of Directors is composed of experts in trade, law, labor, economic development, media, and infrastructure.


== External links ==
U.S. - Montenegro Business Council Website
Documentary - Montenegro: Jewel of the Adriatic
Documentary - Montenegro: Jewel of the Adriatic


== United States Sources ==
U.S. Department of State
Maryland Secretary of State Website
Maryland Secretary of State Translation of News Article
The Daily Record


== Foreign Sources ==
Voice of America Broadcast in Montenegro
<|endoftext|>
The 1970–71 season was the 56th in the history of the Isthmian League, an English football competition.
Wycombe Wanderers were champions, winning their third Isthmian League title. At the end of the season Maidstone United and Wealdstone switched to the Southern Football League.


== League table ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Mark Wilding is an American television producer and screenwriter. He was nominated for two Emmys for his work as executive producer on the series Grey's Anatomy, and won a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series as a writer on the same show.  He has also worked on Private Practice and Charmed.
Wilding graduated from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1979 with a major in economics. While at UMass Amherst, he wrote a humor column for The Collegian. He has two children.
Wilding has worked on medical drama series Grey's Anatomy since its debut in 2005, serving as executive producer for five episodes and co-executive producer for over fifty episodes. He was a screenwriter for an additional five episodes from 2005 to 2007. He has also worked on the supernatural drama Charmed as the supervising producer and co-producer for a total of over thirty episodes, as well as screenwriter for another four.
He has also produced for Jesse, Ellen, Jake 2.0 and Good Girls. He has written episodes for all the  series previously mentioned, in addition to Becker, Dave's World, and The Naked Truth.
Nearly 30 years after receiving his University of Massachusetts degree, Wilding returned to the Amherst campus to speak as an Eleanor Bateman scholar in residence. On April 29, 2009, Wilding discussed his 15+ year career in the film and television industry, shedding light on the creative processes behind the hit television series Grey's Anatomy. According to the Massachusetts Daily Collegian, University Chancellor Robert C. Holub presented Wilding with a clock/plaque commemorating his achievements in the industry.


== References ==


== External links ==
Mark Wilding at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
La Binchoise is a beer brewery in Binche, Belgium. The brewery was founded in 1986 by husband and wife Graux-Jauson, unemployed at the time. They set up their business at home, but soon moved to the building of an old malthouse and quickly achieved commercial success, gaining a gold medal at the annual beer festival in Chicago. For a while their beer was made in a cauldron formerly owned by the Belgian National Guard. Their beers are refermented in the bottle.


== Types of beers ==
Blonde tradition
Brune tradition
Reserve speciale
Rose des Remparts


== References ==


== External links ==
Company website The brewery's restaurant website
<|endoftext|>
Henrythenavigator (foaled February 28, 2005) is an American-bred and Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. He won the 2000 Guineas, the Irish 2,000 Guineas, the St. James's Palace Stakes and the Sussex Stakes in 2008.
After he finished second in the Breeders' Cup Classic it was announced that Henrythenavigator would retire to Ashford Stud, Kentucky (Coolmore's farm in Kentucky), to stand at stud beginning the 2009 season. For the 2010 season, he shuttled between Ashford Stud and Coolmore's Australian farm; he now shuttles between Coolmore's Ireland and Australia farms.
He is named after the Portuguese prince Henry the Navigator.


== Stud record ==
Henrythenavigator attracted a number of top-class mares in his first season. They included: Vertigineux, the dam of Zenyatta;  Rags To Riches, winner of the Belmont Stakes; Peeping Fawn, winner of the Irish Oaks; and, Mien, dam of Kentucky Derby winner Big Brown. As a breeding stallion he was not a conspicuous success and was eventually exported to Russia, but he did sire several good winners including Pedro the Great, George Vancouver (Breeders' Cup Juvenile Turf winner) and Sudirman.


== Pedigree ==


== References ==

Henrythenavigator's Racing Post form
Henrythenavigator's pedigree and partial racing stats


== External links ==
Career 1-2-3 Colour Chart – Henrythenavigator
<|endoftext|>
"Patrolling Barnegat" is a poem by Walt Whitman, first published in Leaves of Grass.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Fernhill is a heritage-listed former chicken hatchery, plant nursery, guest house, farm, residence, stone mason's yard and piggery and now residence and horse stud located at 1041 Mulgoa Road, in the western Sydney suburb of Mulgoa in the City of Penrith local government area of New South Wales, Australia. Completed in c. 1840 as a residence for Captain William Cox and family, the house was completed in the Old Colonial Greek Revival style with its design attributed to either Mortimer Lewis, John Verge or Francis Clarke. The property is privately owned. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.Set on 690 hectares (1,700 acres), Fernhill was built as a much grander residence with associated gardens following Cox's earlier construction of The Cottage, that dated from c. 1810. Following Cox's death in 1837, Fernhill was completed under the supervision of one of his sons, Edward.


== History ==


=== Aboriginal land ===
The traditional owners of the land now occupied by Cox's Cottage were the Mulgowie people, who became known as the "Mulgoa tribe".There is a reference to an attack on the Cox property by Aboriginal people in 1814.


=== Colonisation ===
The Mulgoa valley has played an important part in the history of the development of New South Wales. From 1810 Mulgoa was a key area of settlement in the colony.The first land grant was made by Governor Macquarie to Lieutenant William Cox, a colonial magistrate who promptly registered the property in the parish records in the name of his infant son, Edward.Cox's Cottage is part of early colonial land grants and purchases to members of the Cox family in the Mulgoa Valley, south of Penrith, eventually totalling some 1,522 hectares (3,760 acres). The first of the grants, of 12 hectares (30 acres), made in 1809 to the infant Edward Cox and confirmed by Governor Macquarie the following year, became known as Fernhills or Fernhill.Fernhill estate is located principally on the first land grant made in the Mulgoa Valley (to the infant Edward Cox) dating back to 1809. The name Fern Hills seems to have been given it as early as 1810.Lieutenant William Cox is perhaps best known for supervising the construction of the first road over the Blue Mountains in the second half of 1814. He sailed to New South Wales on the Minerva in 1799. During his 37 years of residence in the early colony, he made a substantial and enduring contribution to its progress in the fields of public administration, building and agricultural development. The Cox family were remarkable "house and garden" people. During the middle years of the 19th century, William Cox Sr. was at Clarendon, near Windsor; his eldest son William, lived at Hobartville, Richmond; his sons Henry, George and Edward were to build and occupy their respective houses of Glenmore, Winbourne and Fernhill at Mulgoa. Another son, James, settled in Van Dieman's Land, where he built his own magnificent Clarendon. Around all these houses the Cox families created beautiful gardens.For some time the property of 134 hectares (330 acres) was managed jointly with that of William Cox by the overseer James King with occasional help from Cox's sons, George, Henry and Edward.c. 1825 Edward Cox (1805–68) returned from schooling in England (since 1821) and established his separate estate at Fernhill. In 1827 he married Jane Maria Brooks (of Denham Court estate, Ingleburn) and the family lived at The Cottage, Mulgoa (to the east) for many years.By the late 1830s Fernhill was one of the principal estates in the Mulgoa Valley and included The Cottage site to the east. At this time it was one of five properties that had expanded to occupy virtually the entire Mulgoa Valley.In 1842 Edward Cox began building the sandstone house. It was planned on a large and sophisticated scale and in the Greek Revival style, possibly by colonial architect Mortimer Lewis. The house was completed in 1843 and Edward and Jane Cox moved in then. Above the door is a date of 1842. The architect of Fernhill is not known with any certainty. The house bears features suggestive of the work of Mortimer Lewis and John Verge. The less-well known architect, Francis Clarke, was working in the area at the time of Fernhill's construction and the house may have been designed by him.Lewis' private commissions show a dependence on published sources, identified in recent year by architectural historian James Broadbent. Fernhill and Tomago boast separate entrance and garden fronts at right angles to each other, the garden fronts marked by bay windows. Their plans are probably adapted from the British architect William Wilkins' design for "Oxberton House", Nottinghamshire, as published by George Richardson in the New Vitruvius Britannicus (1802-8).Elements of the house suggesting the involvement of Mortimer Lewis are: narrow "slit" side light windows flanking the front door; internal skirting boards with "window-panelling" insets; papier mache ceiling friezes and roses (from Bealerfeld & Co. in London)(much used in the 1840s, e.g. by Surveyor-General Sir Thomas Mitchell at Parkhall in Douglas Park; who influenced Lewis; and at Government House, Sydney (which Lewis supervised construction of) (NB: these were later removed and the ceilings stencilled); the "Gothic" black marble fireplace in the major room; the niches and arched vault openings in and off the entrance lobby (as at Garry Owen house in Lilyfield, by Lewis).The house appears to have been designed as a two storey building. The recession of the 1840s is said to be the reason for its unfinished (one storey) state.Twenty Irish stone masons were brought out to Australia under the bounty system of immigration for the specific purpose of building the Fernhill house, using sandstone quarried from the local hills. Edward Cox and his family lived in the house from 1843 until his death in 1868, when the property passed to his eldest son, Edward King Cox.The surviving stable at the rear (west) is said to be built in 1839 and is certainly of the same period as the house.In the early 1850s the estate was singled out by Governor FitzRoy's aide-de-camp, Col. Godfrey Mundy, for the way in which its landscape had been moulded by thinning the native species. Other ket developments include:

c. 1860 – It was described as "a modern mansion situated on rising ground with well kept shrubberies, lawns and a well kept ... vineyard".
Following Edward Cox's death in 1863 – the property passed to his eldest son, Edward King Cox (1829-1883) of Rawden, Mudgee, who until 1885 carried out at The Cottage, Mulgoa, a noted racehorse stud producing several Melbourne Cup winners. E. K. Cox was a breeder of fine race horses and Fernhill Stud produced the first Sydney Cup winner and several Melbourne Cup winners.
Following E. K. Cox's death in 1883 the estate seems to have been divided.
In 1888 – Standish Cox sold the house and surrounding land to Mr Wright of Wright Heaton. For some years possibly due to the recession of the 1890s the house is said to have been uninhabited.
By 1911 – the property was owned by R. B. Baynes, Mayor of Mulgoa.
About 1931 – the house and 1000 acres was bought by Mr & Mrs Moyse who ran it as a guest house. At that time the building had a galvanised iron roof and a large stone reservoir holding 45,000 gallons.
c. 1965 – Mr John Darling bought the estate. Darling was a World War II fighter pilot, a banker, director of resource companies, accomplished international agri-business pioneer and Australian film industry visionary. After World War II Darling married Susie Yencken and they settled at Vaucluse. Weekends were often spent at Fernhill, Mulgoa, which Darling bought in 1956 and gradually restored.
c. 1969 – Darling and garden designer Paul Sorensen reworked the garden around the house.
In 1980 – the house was sold with 1000 acres to the property developer, Warren Anderson for $2.8 million.
c. 1981 and earlier – the house was extensively restored and renovated by former owner Darling and then Anderson. The most notable addition has been the sandstone columns (ex the Union Club, Sydney) in the northern pergola.
December 2001-January 2002 – bushfires damaged the property down to Mulgoa Road, but had some benefits in killing some of the cypress hedging obscuring/blocking views. Bushland is recovering.
2007-8 – Warren Anderson acquired adjoining properties on Fernhill's northern flank, lying uphill and visually prominent to its setting, when seen from the house/drives.
2010 – an auction of the collection (1400 lots, reputedly the largest such sale in Australia) of antiques, furniture and artworks belonging to the owners (Warren & Cheryl Anderson) held in June 2010.
2011 – property put on real estate market by receivers Korda Mentha.
October 2012 – Simon & Brenda Tripp are tipped to buy (have put an option to buy) Fernhill for $45 million. The Tripps have been using the estate as a venue for functions, such as picnic race events on the racetrack, "Tough Mudder" endurance events, concerts and the like.Fernhill has reputedly been sold for redevelopment as a cemetery. Rookwood General Cemetery Trust confirmed in May 2017 that a sale has not yet occurred, but it has entered into a six-month exclusivity period which will allow the trust to conduct the required due diligence process, commencing with a period of community consultation, the trust's spokeswoman told the Penrith Press.


== Description ==


=== Setting ===
Fernhill is in (on the western side of the middle of) the Mulgoa Valley, a picturesque rural landscape retaining a number of significant colonial and later 19th century farm estates, building complexes and areas of natural bushland. The valley is bounded to the west by the Nepean River and the Blue Mountains National Park, to the east it slopes down to Mulgoa Road and merges with the undulating slopes of Western Sydney. It is characterised by predominantly rural landscape and comprises creek flats, gently sloping agricultural land, wooded hills and escarpment areas.


=== Landscape ===
Fernhill is a consciously created rural landscape in the English landscape tradition, formed by:

the process of elimination rather than planting;
the removal of natives regarded as unpicturesque; and
thinning to create a park like scene with clumps of rough-barked apples and Angophora trees left along the drive to the house.Beyond the avenue of trees the drive crosses the wall of a dammed watercourse. The road continues across two small decorative but massively constructed balustraded bridges and winds upwards below the now partially obscured garden front of the house.Significant elements are the hill setting of the house and original (southern) entrance drive including the drive, bridges, pond and estate landscaping in English landscape park style. The house, garden and modern works are not significant elements. Mundey's nineteenth century description of Fernhill's landscape being the finest piece of English park like scenery, but with Australian species, in New South Wales, is still arguably true.


=== Driveway ===
The original entrance drive was designed to provide visitors with constantly changing glimpses of the house and its estate. Two damaged but still trafficable sandstone arch bridges on the drive exist. They were unnecessary in an engineering sense as the drive could have been constructed higher up the hill to avoid the shallow gullies which the bridges cross. They were an obvious attempt by the designer to increase the grandeur of the entrance. This contrived landscape is an integral part of the setting of the house and outbuildings.The drive is lined with avenue and specimens and clumps of rough-barked native apple or apple box/oak trees (Angophora intermedia, A.subvelutina, A.costata) contrived to offer occasional glimpses of Fernhill's house and St. Thomas' Church to the east, although the latter views are filtered by regenerating bush. The estate has many mature 19th century native trees, particularly Angophora trees or apple oaks.Recent (c. 1980) stone faced walls and rail fences detract seriously from the historic quality of the planting.The original drive went from the house to The (Cox's) Cottage (also once known as Fernhills/Fernhill) (east of the current Mulgoa Road alignment, facing the old Mulgoa Road (now renamed St.Thomas' Road).The southern of two existing drives goes to the house from Mulgoa Road through (c. 1970/80) dry stone walls at the gates.The northern drive c. 1970/80 is planted with an avenue of bloodwoods (Corymbia sp.) and runs in a relatively straight line up hill, compared to original (southern) driveway, with its carefully contrived bends to reveal views and hide them.The northern of the two existing drives passes an orchard plantation area of pecan (Carya illinoiensis) trees and a large rock-faced stable structure to the north. It winds up hill past a large dam to its north and around another smaller dam/large pond to its south but still north of the house, approaching the house by a sloping driveway north-west of both the main house and a second, later house in sandstone with a verandah around it, set on a lower terrace. The drive also passes numerous outbuildings and yards to the west of the house on approach.


=== Dam on the northern drive ===
A large dam was formed by the drive crossing Littlefields Creek. Reportedly timber piling was removed in c. 1980 works and lined with (quite dramatic and tall) stone walling which has changed its character. The dam was probably original to the drive - it is shown on c. 1872 plan. It is a similar construction to the dam at The (Cox's) Cottage, Mulgoa to the east.


=== Stone bridges on southern / original drive ===
Includes two stone bridges and a dam - all shown on c. 1872 plan. Both are very fine ashlar sandstone bridges with buttresses, piers and capped parapets. Architectural design. Both were in poor order (1981) with their downhill sides collapsing. These were presumably built before the house as second storey of house did not eventuate.


=== Garden ===
North of the main house and between it and the newer second house on a lower terrace to the north (built by Warren Anderson) are a grove of pecan (Carrya illinoiensis) trees, a boundary planting of olives (Olea europaea cv.).Around the original house is a garden dating from the 1840s, much of it re-designed/planted) by garden designer Paul Sorensen around c. 1969. The garden's early configuration is now obscured (1981 and 2002 observations), but critical elements of early planting survive as setting for the historic house. Old and substantial exotic or non-locally native trees including Bunya pines (Araucaria bidwillii), stone pines (Pinus pinea), and Chinese elms (Ulmus parvifolia) remain). Other exotic trees of note include coral trees (Erythrina sp.), pistachios (Pistacia sp.), olives (Olea europaea cv.).The Sorensen garden redesign includes terracing to the house's south with a swimming pool on the lower terrace, a long pergola edging a lawn to the house's north edged with trees (including olives and cypresses. A lawn to the east slopes to a large oval pond on the far (east) side of which runs one drive to the house.In 1969 owner John Darling hired garden designer Paul Sorensen to construct a garden around the house. At that time photographs showed little "development" around the house apart from the carriage loop and dramatic views. Darling and Sorensen were both keen to provide a setting both sympathetic to the house and suitable for modern outdoor living.Planting then was limited to two jacaranda trees (Jacaranda mimosifolia), one bunya pine, a few smaller trees and a row of struggling Nile/ African lilies (Agapanthus praecox ssp. orientalis). The immediate land was littered with farm structures, tank stands, castor oil bushes and dead wattles. Cattle were roaming through parts of the house at the time.Sorensen and the Darlings created level lawns around the house by building retaining walls and lots of fill. This in turn required replanning the carriage loop, which was buried in the process of filling. This was replaced with a car court hidden below a retaining wall to the north-east of the house with an approach stair arriving at lawn level near a grove of Chinese elms at the end of an enormous pergola. In this pergola Sorensen (/Darling) reused old architectural elements, sandstone columns from the Union Club, Bligh Street, Sydney (demolished in the early 1960s to build the Wentworth Hotel). These were erected as supports for the heavy timber pergola over which white Wisteria sinensis "Alba" was planted. This pergola design was very refined, with the timber ends fashioned in a detail sympathetic to the Georgian architecture of the house.A wide bed of mixed plantings of perennials and shrubs, including camellias and azaleas, forms a backdrop to the pergola when viewed from the house, adding a floral display at this important arrival point to the house.A swimming pool was installed south of the house, sited so it cannot be seen from the house, even though it is on the central southern axis (bay). It was set at a lower level below a balustraded wall. While flowering shrubs were planted for further screening. A pool house was set below the adjoining upper terrace and is invisible from other parts of the garden.Hedges were planted as an important garden feature. The rose garden is screened by tall hedges of star jasmine (Trachelospermum jasminoides) with the entrance being arched with yellow banksia rose (Rosa banksiae 'Lutea'). Star jasmine was also used to screen a new tennis court to the southwest.The garden was nowhere near complete when Darling sold Fernhill to Owston Nominees (Warren Anderson), who continued to use Sorensen's services. Later works included provision of an ornamental pool (the dam with island east of the house) and the transplanting of an ancient evergreen magnolia/bull bay (Magnolia grandiflora) from Sydney into the garden.Much recent (1981) planting and the introduction of unsympathetic landscape elements (walls, gazebo on island in recent dam east of house), etc obscure the significance of the setting and obstruct original panoramic views from the house.(extensive planting of cypress hedges further block views out/in particularly to/from the north - these were damaged in the 2001/2 summer bushfires.Shrubs in the garden include a pomegranate (Punica granatum) west of the house, and an area of formal roses on a terrace below and north-west of the house.


=== House ===
Fernhill is a single storey ashlar sandstone house. There is a central semi-circular bay on the south-eastern elevation, with a stone flagged verandah, curved timber rafters and the roof of which is supported by stone Doric columns. The extensive cellar features a stone cantilevered stairway. The windows and the entrance on the north-eastern elevation suggest that a verandah along that side of the house was planned but never built. Interior ceilings are lofty as the house was originally designed for two-storeys. Window sills are hewn from the wall of masonry, rather than being separate blocks of stone.The stone-flagged entrance hall has flattened corners containing round-headed niches which flank the opening into the central hall.Very fine cedar joinery and papier mache ceiling ornamentation. Also very fine Italian style chimney pieces. All of the living rooms feature elegant architraves. Interior ceilings are lofty as house was originally designed for two storeys. Roof is of corrugated iron.Elements of the house suggesting the involvement of Mortimer Lewis are: narrow "slit" side light windows flanking the front door; internal skirting boards with "window-panelling" insets; papier mache ceiling friezes and roses (from Bealerfeld & Co. in London)(much used in the 1840s, e.g. by Surveyor-General Sir Thomas Mitchell at Parkhall in Douglas Park; who influenced Lewis; and at Government House, Sydney (which Lewis supervised construction of) (NB: these were later removed and the ceilings stencilled); the "Gothic" black marble fireplace in the major room; the niches and arched vault openings in and off the entrance lobby (as at Garry Owen house in Lilyfield, by Lewis).


=== Wings / Officers' courtyard / Two stone garden walls ===
Off the western side of house, joined to its two wings (these are remnants of original officers' courtyard of house) are two stone garden walls - both bent i.e.: cornered - one at right angles. Coursed colonial rubble walls of bush stone. Shaped coping of smaller stones, includes gateway to stable (west of house).


=== Stables and coach house ===
A sandstone building from c. 1839 is located behind (west of) the main house. A drive runs between it and the house, accessed by a flight of stone steps and terraced lawn and garden areas. The building is thought to be a stable and coach house, with fine face sandstone construction, mostly original openings, coach house door original, roof and all other joinery and finishes are c. 1980.Facing it across the drive are lemons (Citrus limon) espaliered against wide trellis mounted on walls, likely to have been put in by Sorensen.


=== Stone box drain ===
Substantial drain with dished bottom and stone sides and top running from back (west) of house under south end of old stable. Possibly main cellar drain. Reportedly discovered in works c. 1980.


=== Orchard ===
South of the stables and coach house is a hedged sloping area planted with fruit trees. Two large old sweet bay / bay laurel trees (Laurus nobilis) are the oldest surviving plants here.


=== Winery ruin ===
West of house and stable/ coach house. Coursed and rubble sandstone walls, approximately 14 by 8 metres (46 by 26 ft), originally two stories high. Contained (1981) some old iron machinery including a large (boiling down?) pot. Divided into two rooms, the larger with a two storey space. Except for the dividing wall, the walls are now (1981) reduced to approx. 2.5 metres (8 ft 2 in) height and the sunken floors are filled with rubble. Said to be a winery. There is some documentary evidence of vineyards at Fernhill notes a "well kept vineyard".The property retains most of its rural landscape character including a strong historical and visual relationship with the Cox family's earlier house Mulgoa Cottage and church, St. Thomas' Church of England. The three buildings were originally linked by tree-lined drives, the remains of which bear evidence of an attempt by Cox to create an English-style rural landscape in an Australian setting. The native trees of the area include Angophora subvelutina, a species which approximates the English Oak in size and habit.


=== Condition ===
Despite modifications, the overall physical condition is good. Archaeological potential is low.

House renovated and restored c. 1980.
Park: well maintained as grazing land but a systematic replanting scheme is necessary.
Bridges: in need of restoration.
The final approach to the house has been altered by the removal (covering up) of the carriage loop and the construction of a garden by Paul Sorensen.
The swimming pool interrupts the view from the front garden.
Ruin of winery, c. 1840s - ruins of walls and machinery, sunken floors;
Miscellaneous drains and walls, c. 1840 - generally stone; some only recently revealed.


=== Modifications and dates ===
1840 – Construction completed
1930s – Addition to north-west wing.
1950s – Original timber porte cochere over front door on eastern facade removed
Late 1950s – Lawn lowered and extended as a terrace.
1962 – Restoration work undertaken to house - replacement of termite damaged beams with steel beams "where concealed", in roof and floor structure. Floor boards lifed and relaid on new joists where needed. Ceilings replaced throughout. All papier mache mouldings and enrichments were photographed, removed, and refixed to new ceilings. Moulds used to replace unusable sections.Galvanised iron roof sheeting replaced with slate, slosest approximation to the original shingle roof (stripped c. 1890). Galvanised iron guttering replaced with copper of same ogee section. External shutters repaired with louvre blades, stiles and rails renewed as needed. Sham porte cochere (timber and flat sheeting) added c. 1900 was removed (in poor repair with termites), showing up the original arched stone entrance. (Peddle Thorp and Walker for Mr John Darling).
1966 – Subdivision approved of two lots - a residue lot of 926 acres, and a 25 acre curtilage around house and right of way from Mulgoa Road of varying width (amending the 1960 proclamation of 6 acres of Fernhill as a historic building under the County of Cumberland Planning Scheme/place of historic interest in the Penrith Planning Scheme Ordinance, which included the driveway).
Late 1950s-1969 – Then owner Mr Darling and landscape gardener Paul Sorensen undertook extensive garden remodelling close to the house, including filling above the original carriage loop (now a terrace with retaining walls), a swimming pool and tennis court south of the house, large pergola (re-using sandstone columns salvaged from the demolished Union Club in Bligh Street, Sydney (site of the now Wentworth Hotel), extensive shrub planting closer to the house, and dam to the east of the house.The swimming pool, while not visible from the house (it is at a lower level), interrupts the view of the garden front and the views previously available over the carriage loop to the entire property to the east. Sorensen work included thinning of existing plantings and relocation of many existing shrubs, laying of concrete for a ha-ha wall on the west of the old entrance drive to the east of the house.
c. 1970 – Coach house and stables renovated as stables and dwelling. Renovated c. 1982 to remove dwelling and add further verandahs.
6 December 1979 – Subdivision approved of 49.8 hectares (of the 374.9 hectares) in the north-east of the property, for ownership transfer within the Darling family/estate purposes. Land used for horticultural purposes in the form of water storage and plant nursery developments, includes part of the right of way to access house.
c. 1980 – House renovated and restored.
c. 1979-81 – Two owners, Mr Darling and Mr Anderson (who acquired Fernhill in 5/1980), undertook extensive upgrading and new construction works, including extensive stone faced walls, one along the entire length of the original entrance drive to the house and abutting the stone bridges on the slope to the house, others lining key roads, stone faced entrance piers on the original driveway to Mulgoa Road, stone facing to the old farm dam on the original (southern) entrance driveway and a new road over its new dam wall, several farm buildings, outbuildings west of the house including a games room, tennis court, a barn (sic) on a new (1980) northern driveway to Mulgoa Road, an aviary, racecourse with horse rail fencing, later deer fencing).Main house walls, manager's residence, garage stone walls and part of the stone retaining walls were high-pressure jet-water-cleaned. New dam constructed on northern side of northern (new) access road. Application to Penrith Council for a nursery on site. Air-conditioning installed in house, leading to some deterioration in sandstone in the cellars.
c. 1981 – Grading of original (southern) entrance drive, clearing of trees, ripping of areas around house, construction of large dam north-east of house, including diversion of main entrance drive away from the house over the new dam wall. New caretaker's house erected to north-east of the house in the style of Experiment Farm cottage, Parramatta.
Work to address house's/ cellar's rising damp, and remove paint from cedar joinery. Repointing of stonework in cellar. Rebuilding (owner's assertion)/erection (in the Heritage Council's view) of "existing" buildings for games room, alterations to existing stables building, workshop, machinery shed, brick bull shed & silo, erection of gardener's cottage, stone huts in surrounding paddocks, retaining wall and levelling.
Existing sheds and other structures north of the house used as nursery removed, and in 1983 approval given for new stables block (58x27m), mating shed, lunging ring and sand roll to the north-west of the house.
c. 1980-1990 – Extensive cypress hedging planted along fencelines to add privacy to house?/shelter for horses - but also obscuring and blocking important views/vistas. New dam constructed on western hilly section of the property.
2 August 1984 – Approved a small extension to house service sing for new laundry facilities, and to remove an existing accretion.
2 July 1987 – Heritage Council commenced legal proceedings for second instance of substantial unapproved works undertaken on property. (2nd instance was stables to east of house - about half way between house and Mulgoa Road)(1st instance was rebuilding (owner's assertion)/Erection (Heritage Council's view) of "existing" buildings for games room, alterations to existing stables building, workshop, machinery shed, brick bull shed & silo, erection of gardener's cottage, stone huts in surrounding paddocks, retaining wall and levelling.)
December 2001-January 2002 – Bushfires damaged the property down to Mulgoa Road, but some benefits in killing some of the cypress hedging obscuring/blocking views. Bushland recovering.
December 2012 – Simon & Brenda Tripp are tipped to have bought (have an option to buy) Fernhill for $45m.


== Heritage listing ==
The Fernhill estate comprises an extensive area of modified and natural landscape which provides the setting for a house completed c.1845 for Edward Cox.The estate is primarily significant for its landscape which is a rare Australian example of the English landscape school's practice of modifying the natural landscape to create a romanticised natural appearance embellished by a richness of cultural features: for the house which is a fine example of Greek Revival architecture, exceptionally well crafted; and the setting of the estate within the Mulgoa Valley with its modified landscape distinguished by historic colonial era homesteads and the Anglican Church (St. Thomas', Mulgoa).The estate also demonstrates a unique phase in Australia's history with the rise of the landed pastoral estates, in this instance developed by Edward Cox and his son Edward King Cox (Paul Davies, 2005).The importance of Fernhill as a group of related sites (along with St. Thomas' Church, Mulgoa, and the Cottage, Mulgoa) is twofold: the landscape is exceptionally significant in its own right irrespective of the buildings, and is as important as the architectural, historic and visual relationships of the buildings themselves.This group of three sites retain their original visual relationship to each other and demonstrating the ambitions and changes in wealth and status of an important early colonial family (the Coxes) from 1810-1880s. The landscape between the Cottage, the Church and Fernhill has remained virtually unaltered since the 1850s. This landscape is a unique piece of evidence of a very rare attitude in the mid-nineteenth century towards the natural environment.Fernhill's landscape extends generally from Mulgoa Creek in the east to beyond the ridge of bush behind Fernhill house in the west, from Littlefields Creek in the south to Mayfields Road in the north.Fernhill setting is an extensive area of modified landscape providing a picturesque approach to the historic Homestead. The landscape is significant for the high degree of creative design achievement, attributed to the original owner, Edward Cox.It is historically significant for the following reasons:

the landscape is a rare Australian example of the English landscape school's design technique which modified existing landscapes to create a romanticised natural appearance;
the landscape demonstrates a cultural phase in Australia when landscape design was influenced by the teaching of Thomas Shepherd who advocated the adaptation of the English design technique.The landscape contains a richness of cultural features such as:

long vistas to the Homestead;
vistas to St. Thomas' (the family) Church spire from the Homestead;
use of water as a foreground for vistas and views;
ornamental bridges to articulate enframed views;and clumps of trees carefully created by thinning of native bushland (RNE)Fernhill is possibly the only intact early colonial garden laid out on the principles of the English Landscape Garden (a landscape "Park" in the picturesque manner) but relying entirely on indigenous plant material and the process of elimination (thinning and tree removal) rather than planting (Broadbent, J., for the National Trust of Australia (NSW) 1981).While unfortunately somewhat altered in character and detail, Fernhill's remnant exotic trees of the 19th century garden (Bunyas, stone pines, Chinese elms) around the house and the remnant garden layout are a carefully contrived culmination of the more important landscape drive.Fernhill was probably one of the last buildings completed in the Colonial period of New South Wales architecture. It was the home of Edward Cox, son of William Cox, and as such is intimately linked with much of the early rural development of the colony. Fernhill property retains most of its rural landscape character, including a visual relationship with the Cox family's earlier house Mulgoa Cottage and church, St Thomas' Church of England.Fernhill was constructed of stone quarried on the site and was probably one of the last buildings to be completed in the noble colonial period. It was at this time that the Greek and Romantic Revival period commenced in which the buildings were constructed of imported materials. (RNE).Believed to be possibly the finest extant Greek Revival temple house in New South WalesThe fact that the house was not completed (it is single storey, and was apparently to be two storied) makes it physical evidence of the depression of the 1840s.
Perhaps most significant is its siting. In the truly picturesque sense, it is sited like a Greek temple, on an acropolis of a site, to command the country for miles around. It is also significant as the home of a prominent settler, Edward Cox.Fernhill (Sydney) was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 having satisfied the following criteria.The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
Fernhill was probably one of the last buildings completed in the Colonial period of New South Wales architecture. It was the home of Edward Cox, son of William Cox, and as such is intimately linked with much of the early rural development of the colony.The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
Fernhill property retains most of its rural landscape character, including a visual relationship with the Cox family's earlier house Mulgoa Cottage and church, St Thomas' Church of England.


== Residents and owners ==
The various residents and owners of Fernhill have been:
William Cox, 1830 – 1837
Edward Cox, 1837 – 1868
Edward King Cox, 1868 – 1883
Standish Cox, 1883 – 1896
Francis Augustus Wright, 1896 – ????
Warren Anderson, 1980 – 2012
Simon and Brenda Tripp, 2012 – 
Government of New South Wales, 2018 – In 2017 there were plans by the Rookwood Cemetery Trust to acquire grounds surrounding the homestead for the purposes of creating a new cemetery in western Sydney. Amidst significant community opposition, the NSW Government declined planning approval for a cemetery on Fernhill. In early 2018 the estate was bought by the NSW Office of Strategic Lands of the NSW government.


== Popular culture ==
The finale of season three of The Bachelor was filmed at Fernhill.


== See also ==

Australian residential architectural styles


== References ==


=== Bibliography ===
Allen, Trevor; Broadbent, James; Tanner, Howard (1969). Colonial Gardens (Undergraduate thesis, Univ Syd/Architecture).
Anderson, Warren (2008). Fernhill (Presentation Volume/Record).
Blok, Margie (2012). 'Good things come in trees', in Title Deeds, in Domain, in The Sydney Morning Herald.
Broadbent, James (2017). 'Fernhill - Threatened Landscape'.
Carlin, Scott (2012). 'Lewis, Mortimer' entry, in Goad, P. & Willis, J. (ed.s), The Encyclopaedia of Australian Architecture.
Chippindall, Pamela; Broadbent, James (1979). 'Fernhill' entry, in National Trust of Australia (NSW) Inspection no. 274 - Mulgoa Days - Saturday 24/3 or Sunday 25/3/1979.
Dawson, Jonathan (1980). There's just no place like a million dollar house", in 'Sydney Extra', in Sunday Herald.
Department of Environment and Planning (1987). Sydney Regional Environmental Plan - No.13 - Mulgoa Valley.
Director, Heritage Branch (1978). Directors Report to the Heritage Council of New South Wales.
Douglas Sanger P/L; Paul Davies P/L; Austral Archaeology P/L; Conacher Travers Environmental Consultants;  et al. (2003). Fernhill, Mulgoa NSW: Heritage & Environmental Studies, vol.s 1& 2.
Eco Logical Australia Assessment Planning Management (2007). Fernhill, Mulgoa Valley, Australia: Sustainability Assessment: Fernhill Estate (Project no. 163-001).
Eco Logical Australia P/L (2008). Fernhill, Mulgoa Valley, Australia - Sustainability Assessment: Volume 4: Addendum.
Mundey, G. (1850). Our Antipodes.
Griffin, Robert (2013). Historic Houses Trust (of NSW) Members - Colonial Architects of NSW: Southern Highlands & Goulburn, 19th-2st July 2013 (tour notes).
Heritage Division, OEH. paper file:  HC32127.
Historic Buildings Committee (1986). National Trust Classification Card.
Lee, Leonard (2015). 'John Darling, 1923-2015 -  World War II ace to film visionary' (obituary).
Lucas, Clive (2017). 'From the President', in  National Trust (NSW) Magazine, Winter Calendar of Events: June-August 2017.
Lyth (1860). The Golden South.
Morris, C.; Britton, G.; NSW National Trust (for the Heritage Council of NSW) (2000). Colonial  Landscapes of the Cumberland Plain and Camden, NSW.
Paul Davies Architects Heritage Consultants (2005). Fernhill: Mulgoa - 'by far the most lovely and extensive landscape' - a Conservation Management Plan.
Paul Davies P/L (2014). Conservation Management Plan - Fernhill, Mulgoa, Mulgoa NSW.
Petrinic, Isabel (2017). "Outcry over plan for cemetery at historic Fernhill Estate".
Ratliffe, Richard (1990). Australia's Master Gardener - Paul Sorensen and His Gardens.
Roxburgh, Rachel (1974). Early Colonial Houses of New South Wales.
Stapleton, Ian; NSW Department of Environment and Planning (1983). Mulgoa Valley Regional Environmental Study (RES).
Tanner, Howard; Begg, Jane (1969). The Great Gardens of Australia.
Urbis (2010). draft Conservation Management Plan - Fernhill, Mulgoa.


=== Attribution ===
 This Wikipedia article contains material from Fernhill, entry number 54 in the New South Wales State Heritage Register published by the State of New South Wales and Office of Environment and Heritage 2018 under CC-BY 4.0 licence, accessed on 13 October 2018.


== External links ==
Jacobs, Ken; Christie's (2017). "Fernhill Estate, Mulgoa Valley, NSW" (Real estate marketing brochure). Prestige Homes of Australia Pty Ltd.
<|endoftext|>
Dinic's algorithm or Dinitz's algorithm is a strongly polynomial algorithm for computing the maximum flow in a flow network, conceived in 1970 by Israeli (formerly Soviet) computer scientist Yefim (Chaim) A. Dinitz. The algorithm runs in 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        
          V
          
            2
          
        
        E
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(V^{2}E)}
   time and is similar to the Edmonds–Karp algorithm, which runs in 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        V
        
          E
          
            2
          
        
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(VE^{2})}
   time, in that it uses shortest augmenting paths. The introduction of the concepts of the level graph and blocking flow enable Dinic's algorithm to achieve its performance.


== History ==
Yefim Dinitz invented this algorithm in response to a pre-class exercise in Adelson-Velsky's algorithms class. At the time he was not aware of the basic facts regarding the Ford–Fulkerson algorithm.Dinitz mentions inventing his algorithm in January 1969, which was published in 1970 in the journal Doklady Akademii Nauk SSSR. In 1974, Shimon Even and (his then Ph.D. student) Alon Itai at the Technion in Haifa were very curious and intrigued by Dinitz's algorithm as well as Alexander V. Karzanov's related idea of blocking flow. However it was hard for them to decipher these two papers, each being limited to four pages to meet the restrictions of journal Doklady Akademii Nauk SSSR. Even did not give up, and after three days of effort managed to understand both papers except for the layered network maintenance issue. Over the next couple of years, Even gave lectures on "Dinic's algorithm", mispronouncing the name of the author while popularizing it. Even and Itai also contributed to this algorithm by combining BFS and DFS, which is how the algorithm is now commonly presented.For about 10 years of time after the Ford–Fulkerson algorithm was invented, it was unknown if it could be made to terminate in polynomial time in the general case of irrational edge capacities. This caused a lack of any known polynomial-time algorithm to solve the max flow problem in generic cases. Dinitz's algorithm and the Edmonds–Karp algorithm (published in 1972) both independently showed that in the Ford–Fulkerson algorithm, if each augmenting path is the shortest one, then the length of the augmenting paths is non-decreasing and the algorithm always terminates.


== Definition ==
Let 
  
    
      
        G
        =
        (
        (
        V
        ,
        E
        )
        ,
        c
        ,
        f
        ,
        s
        ,
        t
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle G=((V,E),c,f,s,t)}
   be a network with 
  
    
      
        c
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle c(u,v)}
   and 
  
    
      
        f
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle f(u,v)}
   the capacity and the flow of the edge 
  
    
      
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle (u,v)}
  , respectively.

The residual capacity is a mapping 
  
    
      
        
          c
          
            f
          
        
        :
        V
        ×
        V
        →
        
          R
          
            +
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle c_{f}\colon V\times V\to R^{+}}
   defined as,
if 
  
    
      
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        ∈
        E
      
    
    {\displaystyle (u,v)\in E}
  ,

  
    
      
        
          c
          
            f
          
        
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        =
        c
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        −
        f
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle c_{f}(u,v)=c(u,v)-f(u,v)}
  

  
    
      
        
          c
          
            f
          
        
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        =
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle c_{f}(u,v)=0}
   otherwise.The residual graph is an unweighted graph 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            f
          
        
        =
        (
        (
        V
        ,
        
          E
          
            f
          
        
        )
        ,
        
          c
          
            f
          
        
        
          
            |
          
          
            
              E
              
                f
              
            
          
        
        ,
        s
        ,
        t
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{f}=((V,E_{f}),c_{f}|_{E_{f}},s,t)}
  , where

  
    
      
        
          E
          
            f
          
        
        =
        {
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        ∈
        V
        ×
        V
        :
        
        
          c
          
            f
          
        
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        >
        0
        }
      
    
    {\displaystyle E_{f}=\{(u,v)\in V\times V\colon \;c_{f}(u,v)>0\}}
  .An augmenting path is an 
  
    
      
        s
      
    
    {\displaystyle s}
  –
  
    
      
        t
      
    
    {\displaystyle t}
   path in the residual graph 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            f
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{f}}
  .Define 
  
    
      
        dist
        ⁡
        (
        v
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle \operatorname {dist} (v)}
   to be the length of the shortest path from 
  
    
      
        s
      
    
    {\displaystyle s}
   to 
  
    
      
        v
      
    
    {\displaystyle v}
   in 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            f
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{f}}
  . Then the level graph of 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            f
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{f}}
   is the graph 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            L
          
        
        =
        (
        (
        V
        ,
        
          E
          
            L
          
        
        )
        ,
        
          c
          
            f
          
        
        
          
            |
          
          
            
              E
              
                L
              
            
          
        
        ,
        s
        ,
        t
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{L}=((V,E_{L}),c_{f}|_{E_{L}},s,t)}
  , where

  
    
      
        
          E
          
            L
          
        
        =
        {
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        ∈
        
          E
          
            f
          
        
        :
        
        dist
        ⁡
        (
        v
        )
        =
        dist
        ⁡
        (
        u
        )
        +
        1
        }
      
    
    {\displaystyle E_{L}=\{(u,v)\in E_{f}\colon \;\operatorname {dist} (v)=\operatorname {dist} (u)+1\}}
  .A blocking flow is an 
  
    
      
        s
      
    
    {\displaystyle s}
  –
  
    
      
        t
      
    
    {\displaystyle t}
   flow 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
   such that the graph 
  
    
      
        
          G
          ′
        
        =
        (
        (
        V
        ,
        
          E
          
            L
          
          ′
        
        )
        ,
        s
        ,
        t
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle G'=((V,E_{L}'),s,t)}
   with 
  
    
      
        
          E
          
            L
          
          ′
        
        =
        {
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        :
        
        f
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        <
        
          c
          
            f
          
        
        
          
            |
          
          
            
              E
              
                L
              
            
          
        
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        }
      
    
    {\displaystyle E_{L}'=\{(u,v)\colon \;f(u,v)<c_{f}|_{E_{L}}(u,v)\}}
   contains no 
  
    
      
        s
      
    
    {\displaystyle s}
  –
  
    
      
        t
      
    
    {\displaystyle t}
   path.


== Algorithm ==
Dinic's Algorithm

Input: A network 
  
    
      
        G
        =
        (
        (
        V
        ,
        E
        )
        ,
        c
        ,
        s
        ,
        t
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle G=((V,E),c,s,t)}
  .
Output: An 
  
    
      
        s
      
    
    {\displaystyle s}
  –
  
    
      
        t
      
    
    {\displaystyle t}
   flow 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
   of maximum value.Set 
  
    
      
        f
        (
        e
        )
        =
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle f(e)=0}
   for each 
  
    
      
        e
        ∈
        E
      
    
    {\displaystyle e\in E}
  .
Construct 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            L
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{L}}
   from 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            f
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{f}}
   of 
  
    
      
        G
      
    
    {\displaystyle G}
  . If 
  
    
      
        dist
        ⁡
        (
        t
        )
        =
        ∞
      
    
    {\displaystyle \operatorname {dist} (t)=\infty }
  , stop and output 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
  .
Find a blocking flow 
  
    
      
        
          f
          ′
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle f'}
   in 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            L
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{L}}
  .
Add augment flow 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
   by 
  
    
      
        
          f
          ′
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle f'}
   and go back to step 2.


== Analysis ==
It can be shown that the number of layers in each blocking flow increases by at least 1 each time and thus there are at most 
  
    
      
        
          |
        
        V
        
          |
        
        −
        1
      
    
    {\displaystyle |V|-1}
   blocking flows in the algorithm. For each of them:

the level graph 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            L
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{L}}
   can be constructed by breadth-first search in 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        E
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(E)}
   time
a blocking flow in the level graph 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            L
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{L}}
   can be found in 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        V
        E
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(VE)}
   timewith total running time 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        E
        +
        V
        E
        )
        =
        O
        (
        V
        E
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(E+VE)=O(VE)}
   for each layer. As a consequence, the running time of Dinic's algorithm is 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        
          V
          
            2
          
        
        E
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(V^{2}E)}
  .Using a data structure called dynamic trees, the running time of finding a blocking flow in each phase can be reduced to 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        E
        log
        ⁡
        V
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(E\log V)}
   and therefore the running time of Dinic's algorithm can be improved to 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        V
        E
        log
        ⁡
        V
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(VE\log V)}
  .


=== Special cases ===
In networks with unit capacities, a much stronger time bound holds. Each blocking flow can be found in 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        E
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(E)}
   time, and it can be shown that the number of phases does not exceed 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        
          
            E
          
        
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O({\sqrt {E}})}
   and 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        
          V
          
            2
            
              /
            
            3
          
        
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(V^{2/3})}
  . Thus the algorithm runs in 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        min
        {
        
          V
          
            2
            
              /
            
            3
          
        
        ,
        
          E
          
            1
            
              /
            
            2
          
        
        }
        E
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O(\min\{V^{2/3},E^{1/2}\}E)}
   time.In networks that arise from the bipartite matching problem, the number of phases is bounded by 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        
          
            V
          
        
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O({\sqrt {V}})}
  , therefore leading to the 
  
    
      
        O
        (
        
          
            V
          
        
        E
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle O({\sqrt {V}}E)}
   time bound. The resulting algorithm is also known as Hopcroft–Karp algorithm. More generally, this bound holds for any unit network — a network in which each vertex, except for source and sink, either has a single entering edge of capacity one, or a single outgoing edge of capacity one, and all other capacities are arbitrary integers.


== Example ==
The following is a simulation of Dinic's algorithm. In the level graph 
  
    
      
        
          G
          
            L
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle G_{L}}
  , the vertices with labels in red are the values 
  
    
      
        dist
        ⁡
        (
        v
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle \operatorname {dist} (v)}
  . The paths in blue form a blocking flow.


== See also ==
Ford–Fulkerson algorithm
Maximum flow problem


== Notes ==


== References ==
Yefim Dinitz (2006). "Dinitz' Algorithm: The Original Version and Even's Version" (PDF).  In Oded Goldreich; Arnold L. Rosenberg; Alan L. Selman (eds.). Theoretical Computer Science: Essays in Memory of Shimon Even. Springer. pp. 218–240. ISBN 978-3-540-32880-3.
Tarjan, R. E. (1983). Data structures and network algorithms.
B. H. Korte; Jens Vygen (2008). "8.4 Blocking Flows and Fujishige's Algorithm". Combinatorial Optimization: Theory and Algorithms (Algorithms and Combinatorics, 21). Springer Berlin Heidelberg. pp. 174–176. ISBN 978-3-540-71844-4.
<|endoftext|>
Eochanna chorlakkiensis is an extinct prehistoric snakehead.  The fish lived in the Lutetian age of the Middle Eocene (41-48 million years ago) in the area of what is now the Kuldana Formation near Chorlakki, Pakistan.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Sid El-Antri massacre took place on the night of 23–24 December 1997 in two small villages near Tiaret, Algeria.  The death toll is unclear; Reuters cites "at least 80", or 48 according to the government, Le Jeune Independent says 117 people were killed and 11 abducted by terrorists, and  a timeline gives 53 (including 15 children) killed in Sidi el-Antri (or Sidi el-Antar, Sidi Lamri) and 28 in Shari. On the same day, 11 were killed further away in the Bainem area near Algiers. A few days later, another 26 civilians were killed in the Zouabria massacre, also near Tiaret.


== See also ==
List of massacres in Algeria


== References ==


== External links ==
Le Jeune Independent (quoted)
Turkish Daily News
Algeria timeline
<|endoftext|>
Moksham is a Malayalam language film directed by Beypore Mani. It was released in 1997. The movie received Kerala State Film Award for Best Children's Film award in 1997.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Dermatobranchus multidentatus is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Arminidae.


== Distribution ==
This species was described from Japan.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
John Wildman (born November 7, 1960) is a Canadian television and film actor.


== Career ==
Wildman began his career as a child actor, performing in his first film role at age nine. He studied acting at the Dome Theatre in Montreal. He is best known for his roles in the 1985 film My American Cousin and its sequel the 1989 film American Boyfriends, and the television series The Campbells.


== References ==


== External links ==
John Wildman at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Thin-film memory is a high-speed alternative to core memory developed by Sperry Rand in a government-funded research project.
Instead of threading individual ferrite cores on wires, thin-film memory consisted of 4 micrometre thick dots of permalloy, an iron-nickel alloy, deposited on small glass plates by vacuum evaporation techniques and a mask. The drive and sense lines were then added using printed circuit wiring over the alloy dots. This provided very fast access times in the range of 670 nanoseconds, but was very expensive to produce.
In 1962, the UNIVAC 1107, intended for the civilian marketplace, used thin-film memory only for its 128-word general register stack. Military computers, where cost was less of a concern, used larger amounts of thin-film memory. Thin film was also used in a number of high-speed computer projects, including the high-end of the IBM System/360 line, but general advances in core tended to keep pace.


== External links ==
Thin Film
<|endoftext|>
Lara Briden (née Grinevitch, born 1969) is a naturopathic doctor, women’s health speaker, and author of the books Period Repair Manual and Hormone Repair Manual, published by Pan Macmillan. She has consulting rooms in Christchurch, New Zealand, and travels widely to speak on women’s health.


== Early life ==
Lara Grinevitch was born in 1969 in Edmonton, Alberta.


== Education and career ==
Briden is a 1993 graduate of the University of Calgary and 1997 graduate of the Canadian College of Naturopathic Medicine. She has a Bachelor of Science degree in evolutionary biology and worked as an evolutionary biology researcher at the University of Calgary from 1990-1993. From 1993-1997 she studied at CCNM, to become a Doctor of Naturopathic Medicine.
From 1997 to 2002, Briden worked in private practice in rural Alberta. In 2002 she moved to Sydney, Australia where she established a practice focusing on women’s health issues.
In 2015 she moved to Christchurch, New Zealand, but continued to travel regularly to Sydney to provide ongoing care for her Australian patients.
Briden is a regular speaker on women’s health issues,
writes for a variety of publications
and health-related websites,
and is a regular guest on health-related podcasts.


== Publications ==


=== Period Repair Manual ===
In February 2015, Briden published her first book, Period Repair Manual. The second edition was picked up by Pan Macmillan for the Australia/New Zealand market in 2018. The book is available in print, multiple eBook formats, and as an audio-book, published through Audible.


==== Additional language translations ====
German translation: “Die Perioden-Werkstatt”, published in 2018.
Spanish translation: “Cómo mejorar tu ciclo menstrual”, published in 2019.
Estonian translation: “Paremate päevade käsiraamat”, published in 2019.
Further language translations are underway.


=== Hormone Repair Manual ===
Briden's second book, Hormone Repair Manual, on the topic of perimenopause and menopause, is scheduled for release in February 2021.


=== Peer-reviewed papers ===
“The central role of ovulatory disturbances in the etiology of androgenic polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)—Evidence for treatment with cyclic progesterone”, December 2020, Drug Discovery Today: Disease Models.


== Scientific advisor ==
Member of the Scientific Advisory Council for the Centre for Menstrual Cycle and Ovulation Research (CeMCOR) at the University of British Columbia.
Member of the Endometriosis Special Interest Group (ESIG) of Endometriosis New Zealand.
Editorial board Vital Link, the official naturopathic medical journal of the Canadian Association of Naturopathic Doctors.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Amazon author page
GoodReads author page
<|endoftext|>
Africa Today TV (ATTV) is an independent public service and educational channel for the American and African audience  that is interested in African & International affairs.


== History ==
The channel was launched on 5 August 2014 on MHz Networks. The Channel is available on Comcast 275, Cox 470, RCN 30, Verizon FioS 457, Dish Network 8077 and DirecTV 56/2183. ATTV started streaming live on their website from April 2016.


== Current Shows ==
Carol Pineau is currently hosting a talk show titled "Africa and The Trump Administration" which airs on Africa Today TV where she discusses and debates with a panel of experts on the evolving US Africa relationship from both African and American perspectives.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Ambita AS, formerly known as Norsk Eiendomsinformasjon AS, is a Norwegian limited company, wholly owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry.It was established as in 1987 as Tinglysingsdata AS, through an agreement between the Norwegian Ministry of Justice and the Police, Kommunedata and Statens Datasentral. Property data was to be electronically stored, and this was implemented in offices in Kirkenes, Namsos, Grimstad and Brumunddal. Tinglysingsdata changed its name to Norsk Eiendomsinformasjon on 1 January 1994.Its responsibilities are within land information and development of land register systems. The national property registry, Eiendomsregisteret, is updated by the Norwegian Mapping and Cadastre Authority, but the information in it is distributed by Norsk Eiendomsinformasjon.The chief executive officer is Stig Williams Seljeseth, and the board consists of Tormod Hermansen (chair), Ingeborg Moen Borgerud (deputy chair), Per Jahren, Toril Nag, Anders Roger Øynes, Jarl Totland and Mona Andreassen. The organizational headquarters are in Solli plass, Oslo with a branch in Bergen.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official site
<|endoftext|>
The Wisconsin Badgers represented the University of Wisconsin in WCHA women's ice hockey during the 2018-19 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season. Defeating the Minnesota Golden Gophers in the 2019 NCAA National Collegiate Women's Ice Hockey Tournament, it was the fifth national championship in program history and their first national title since 2011. Goaltender Kristen Campbell recorded 27 saves, recording her 11th shutout of the season. Of note, seniors Sophia Shaver and Annie Pankowski scored for the Badgers in the national championship game. During the 2019 postseason, Pankowski amassed 11 goals in seven games. With her goal in the national championship game, a shorthanded marker in the second period, she set a new program record for most shorthanded goals in Badgers history.


== Offseason ==


=== Recruiting ===


== Regular season ==


=== Standings ===


=== Schedule ===


== Roster ==


=== 2018–19 Badgers ===


== Awards and honors ==
Annie Pankowski, 2018-19 All-America selection (First Team)
Kristen Campbell, 2018-19 All-America selection (Second Team)


=== WCHA Weekly Awards ===
Kristen Campbell, WCHA Goaltender of the Week (awarded November 6)
Kristen Campbell, WCHA Goaltender of the Week (awarded November 20)
Mekenzie Steffen, WCHA Defensive Player of the Week (awarded November 6)


=== WCHA honors ===
Annie Pankowski, WCHA Offensive Player of the Year
Kristen Campbell, WCHA Goaltender of the Year
Kristen Campbell, WCHA Goaltending Champion (Campbell led WCHA netminders with a 1.08 goals-against average in league play)
Sophie Shirley, WCHA Rookie of the Year
Mark Johnson, WCHA Coach of the Year


=== WCHA All-Stars ===
Kristen Campbell, 2018-19 All-WCHA First Team
Annie Pankowski, 2018-19 All-WCHA First Team
Mekenzie Steffen, 2018-19 All-WCHA First Team
Sophie Shirley, 2018-19 All-WCHA Second Team
Abby Roque, 2018-19 All-WCHA Second Team
Maddie Rolfes, 2018-19 All-WCHA Second Team


=== WCHA All-Rookie Team ===
Britta Curl, Forward
Sophie Shirley, Forward


=== WCHA 20th Anniversary Team ===
Ann-Renée Desbiens, Goaltender (2013-17)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Timber Island is a 44-hectare (110-acre) island in the east end of Lake Ontario, off Prince Edward County, Canada. It is part of a chain of islands and shoals, including Stoney Island, Galloo Island, Main Duck Island, Yorkshire Island and Swetman Island.  Timber Island and Swetman Island, and their nearby shoals, are known as the False Duck Islands.
The island used to be home to bald eagles.The island was donated to the province by its owner, Barbara Cody, in 1962.The island is currently part of the Sandbanks Provincial Park, visitors are allowed, after getting the permission of the park superintendent.  Most of the island is covered by an oak-hickory forest.  Plants rare to eastern Ontario are found on the island.  The island provides a resting spot for birds on their annual migration.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Colin Carrie  (born April 11, 1962) is a Canadian politician. He is a current member of the House of Commons of Canada, representing the riding of Oshawa in the province of Ontario for the Conservative Party of Canada.


== Personal life ==
Carrie was born in Hamilton, Ontario. He lived in several Canadian cities before settling in Oshawa at age fifteen. He has a Bachelor's Degree in Kinesiology from the University of Waterloo, and was awarded a Doctor of Chiropractic in 1989 from the Canadian Memorial Chiropractic College. Prior to entering politics, he worked as a chiropractor. He is a past executive member of the Durham Chiropractic Society and former Chair of Spinal Health Week in Durham Region, and has been Financial Secretary of the Oshawa Knights of Columbus. Carrie also served as a Director of the Oshawa Progressive Conservative Party Association, before the party's 2004 merger with the Canadian Alliance to form the Conservative Party of Canada.


== Political career ==
Carrie was first elected as Member of Parliament (Canada) for Oshawa in the 2004 federal election, defeating NDP candidate Sid Ryan and Liberal candidate Louise Parkes in a close three-way race. In the 38th Parliament, he served as a member of the House of Commons Standing Committee on Health.During this session, he reintroduced Private Member's Bill C-420 An Act to Amend the Food and Drugs Act (previously introduced by James Lunney) to end the listing of vitamins, minerals and related products as drugs under the Canadian Food and Drugs Act. This measure has been criticized by some as removing a safety provision from the regulation of natural health products.  Supporters of the bill argued that it would benefit the position of small producers relative to the pharmaceutical industry. Carrie also served as the founding Chair of the Conservative Party of Canada's Automotive Caucus and was also a member of the Conservative Party of Canada's Energy Caucus and Seniors Caucus.
In a close two-way race with returning NDP challenger Sid Ryan, he retained his seat in the 2006 election as part of the first Conservative government to be elected in Canada in almost 13 years. He once again retained his seat in October 2008. On February 7, 2006, Prime Minister Stephen Harper appointed him to the post of Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Industry.
Carrie once again retained his seat in the 2008 federal election. In a two-way race between himself and NDP candidate Mike Shields, Carrie won by a larger margin than his previous two elections.  In November 2008, Carrie was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Health by Prime Minister Stephen Harper.  During the 40th Parliament Carrie resumed his membership on the House of Commons Standing Committee on Health.In the 2011 federal election, Carrie won his fourth election in seven years. In an historic election which saw the Liberals relegated to the third party and the Conservatives achieve a majority in the House of Commons, Carrie was elected ahead of his main opponent, NDP candidate and CAW President Chris Buckley, receiving a landslide 51.3% support from Oshawa voters. Carrie won by the largest margin of victory in Oshawa since the NDP's Ed Broadbent in the 1980 federal election.In September 2013, Carrie was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of the Environment.
In October 2015 Carrie won his fifth election victory in Oshawa against challengers Mary Fowler (NDP) and Tito-Dante Marimpietri (Liberal).  This election saw the Conservatives move from Government to Official Opposition where Carrie was appointed Deputy Critic for Health. Carrie later took on the role of Official Opposition Critic for Health under interim Leader Rona Ambrose.  Following the election of Andrew Scheer as Leader of the Conservative Party of Canada, MP Carrie was asked to lend his considerable experience to the international relations file.
Under the leadership of Andrew Scheer, he served as Deputy Shadow Minister/Deputy Critic for Economic Development (S. Ontario) and Canada-US Relations. Following the 2019 federal election, they became full critic roles as opposed to deputy roles.
In June of 2019, Carrie presented Bill C-461, "an act to amend the Criminal Code and the Judges Act (trafficking in persons)." The Private Member's Bill was proposed to provide judges training on the consequences of human trafficking and specify the legal definition of "human trafficking." The bill passed first reading. Carrie also worked with Oshawa resident Lisa Freeman, whose father was murdered in 1991, to draft a bill aimed at providing greater transparency victims of violent crime and their families during the parole hearing process. Bill C-466, "An Act to amend the Corrections and Conditional Release Act (disclosure of information to victims)," was tabled by MP Lisa Raitt and passed first reading. However, neither bill became law, as the House of Commons went on summer recess shortly thereafter and the 2019 election followed that. As of October 2020, Carrie is working to again propose the bills.
Carrie now sits as a member on the House of Commons Standing Committee for Veterans Affairs.


== Electoral record ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official site
How'd They Vote?: Colin Carrie's voting history and quotes

Colin Carrie – Parliament of Canada biography
<|endoftext|>
Cann is a village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southern England. It is situated on the A350 road in the North Dorset administrative district, 1 mile (1.5 kilometres) south of Shaftesbury. The civil parish covers 2,600 acres (1,100 hectares) and has an underlying geology of Kimmeridge clay, greensand and gault clay. In the 2011 census the parish—which includes HM Prison Guys Marsh—had a population of 822.


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Cann, Dorset at Wikimedia Commons
<|endoftext|>
Jeffrey Carr is a cybersecurity author, researcher, entrepreneur and consultant, who focuses on cyber warfare.


== Career ==
In 2008, Carr founded Project Grey Goose, a crowd-sourced open-source intelligence effort to attribute major cyber attacks. The Project soliticited the expertise of vetted volunteers, while seeking to filter out non-experts and cyber criminals. The Project's first area of research was the campaign of cyberattacks during the Russo-Georgian War.In 2011, Carr created the Suits and Spooks conference series, which offered a private forum for intelligence veterans to meet with technologists, academics, hackers, and business executives. The forum was acquired by Wired Business Media in 2014.Carr was the founder of now-defunct cybersecurity firms Taia Global Ltd (also founder) and GreyLogic. He later wrote about the lessons he gained from their failures.Carr has lectured on cybersecurity issues at the Defense Intelligence Agency, U.S. Army War College, Air Force Institute of Technology, NATO’s CCDCOE Conference on Cyber Conflict, and DEF CON.


== Writing and research ==
He is the author of Inside Cyber Warfare: Mapping the Cyber Underworld (O'Reilly Media 2009, 2011), which analyzed cyber conflicts from 2002 until 2009. In Cyber Warfare, Carr argued that international cyber attacks are predominantly deployed by non-state actors, who are sometimes encouraged and tolerated by state entities. Alternately, as Carr later told The Christian Science Monitor, it is private IT infrastructure, rather than government policy, that lies at the heart of US vulnerability to international cyber attacks.Jeffrey Carr has blogged about cyber security and warfare at Intelfusion.net (until September 1, 2010) and Forbes' The Firewall. Carr said he had quit The Firewall in protest, after his post on Yuri Milner's relationship to the Russian FSB was taken down by Forbes at the request of Milner's lawyer.In March 2017, Carr stated there was growing doubt in the computer security industry regarding the narrative of Russian state sponsorship of hacks associated with the 2016 US elections. Carr stated that, because the FBI relied on forensic investigations by global cybersecurity consultancy CrowdStrike, "everyone else is relying on information they provided." Several notable competitors of CrowdStrike, including Symantec and FireEye examined the underlying data and endorsed CrowdStrike's conclusions.


== Professional publications ==
“The Classification of Valuable Data in an Assumption of Breach Paradigm”, Georgetown Journal of International Affairs, March 2014
“The Misunderstood Acronym: Why Cyber Weapons aren’t WMD”, Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, Sept 1, 2013, Vol, 69, No. 5, p. 3237
“Intelligence Preparation of the Information and Communications Environment”, Air & Space Power Journal, 2012, Vol 24, No. 3


== References ==


== External links ==
Jeffrey Carr's Digital Dao Blog
<|endoftext|>
Russellville is the county seat and largest city in Pope County, Arkansas, United States, with a population of 27,920, according to the 2010 Census. It is home to Arkansas Tech University and Arkansas Nuclear One, Arkansas' only nuclear power plant. Russellville borders Lake Dardanelle and the Arkansas River.
It is the principal city of the Russellville Micropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Pope and Yell counties.


== History ==


=== Settlement ===
Before the town was named Russellville, it was known as Chactas Prairie, The Prairie, or Cactus Flats. In the early 19th century, Osage from Missouri hunted frequently in the valley where Russellville is now located. Between 1818 and 1828, the area was within a Cherokee reservation, but the Cherokee people were forcibly moved to Indian Territory (present-day Oklahoma) in 1828, and the land was made available for white settlers by the United States federal government. The first settler in the area was P.C. Holledger in 1834.
One year later, Dr. Thomas Russell bought Holledger's house. The first business to be established in the town was owned by Mr. Shinn, who later built a masonry structure to replace his wooden store in 1875. This building still exists today and is known as the Shinn Building. It was built at the intersection of an east–west road from Little Rock to Fort Smith and a north–south buffalo trail to a ford on the Arkansas River. Early travelers used these established trails to pass through the valley. These roads are now known as Main Street and Arkansas Avenue respectively. When the town's residents decided to name the town, it came down to two choices: Shinnville or Russellville, and Russellville won.


=== American Civil War ===
As with the war with Mexico in the 1840s, many men of Russellville served in the state's military forces during the American Civil War. Local men served in the state forces early in the war, with many transferring to Confederate regiments by 1862. Several local men were also formed into at least two pro-Union companies. No great battles occurred in or near Russellville, though actions did take place late in the war at nearby Dardanelle (Yell County). While the war came to an official end in 1865, peace did not immediately return to the area. Many areas of Pope County were disrupted in the early 1870s by the bloody and violent events of the Pope County Military War.


=== Reconstruction era ===
The town grew slowly, but during the early 1870s the railroad was built and the town exploded commercially and experienced a boom in population. It connected Russellville to other towns in the area, and ran eventually from Ft. Smith to Little Rock, connecting other river valley towns such as Morrilton, Conway, Atkins, London, and facilitating trade among them. Russellville's first newspaper, the Herald, was founded in 1870. By 1876, the town boasted a population of approximately 800 serviced by fifteen stores, two cotton gins, and six doctors.


=== Incorporation as a city ===
On June 7, 1870, Russellville became an incorporated city. Incorporation prompted a debate on moving the county seat, located in Dover since 1841, to one of the growing business centers adjacent to the new tracks. On March 19, 1887, an election was held in which Russellville beat out all competing towns, though Atkins finished a close second on the ballot.
While formal education came to the Russellville area early with the founding of nearby Dwight Mission in 1820, most early schools were either private or by subscription. The Russellville Public School District was formed in 1870, the year the city was incorporated. By 1876, it had evolved into a nine-month school. By 1890, approximately 400 students attended in ten grades, and in 1893, the first class to attend through twelve grades graduated.
Most 19th century residents of the area farmed for a living or, with the coming of the railroad, harvested timber. By the end of the century, Russellville and the surrounding area had become a prosperous coal-mining area, with the Quita Coal Company being the first established. Other coal companies followed with deep mine shafts sunk north and south of town, which, by the 1950s, had given way to strip mining. Cotton became a profitable crop near Russellville; in the early 20th century, bales were sold from wagons in the middle of Main Street. Today, no coal is mined, and the cotton gins are gone.


=== 20th century ===

In 1906 the town suffered a massive fire in its central business district. The fire consumed nearly half of the buildings but they were quickly rebuilt, most within six months after the fire. Many were built cheaply, using poor mortar. Today many of these historic buildings are in very bad condition due to that mortar. In 1909 Arkansas Tech University was founded as an agricultural school, Arkansas Polytechnic College, and now has a student population of over 12,000 students between the Russellville and Ozark campuses. As of fall 2014, Arkansas Tech University is the third-largest institution of higher learning in the Natural State, preceded only by University of Arkansas at Fayetteville and Arkansas State University. With America's entry into World War II, many Russellville men enlisted or were drafted into the military. Many of the local men served in the 153rd Infantry. Battery D and Battery F of the 206th Coast Artillery Regiment of the Arkansas National Guard were initially stationed at ATU. Many of the men saw service in Alaska in what is known as the Williwaw War.
After the war, the construction of Interstate 40 in 1956 sparked Russelville's growth. The highway has been a boon to the area's growth, much like the railroad was in the 1870s. A major economic boost came as a result of the completion of a dam near the Arkansas River crossing between Dardanelle and Russellville in 1965. The dam created a lake, which led to the establishment of Lake Dardanelle State Park, a major tourist attraction in the area. The completion of the lock and power dam, a part of the McClellan-Kerr Arkansas River Navigation System, which brings in between $1 to $2 billion in trade to the state each year, has greatly improved the area's business prospects.
During the 1970s, the town, like so many other small American towns, witnessed the decentralization of its historic downtown area, due to the advent of large retail outlets such as Wal-Mart. Many of the historic buildings were left to decay or were torn down. Also in the 1970s, Arkansas' only nuclear power plant, Arkansas Nuclear One, was built just outside the city, on Lake Dardanelle. The plant brought more people and jobs to the city.


== Geography ==
Russellville is located at 35°16′42″N 93°8′13″W (35.278429, -93.136820). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 28.3 square miles (73 km2), of which 28.2 square miles (73 km2) is land and 0.04 square miles (0.10 km2) (0.08%) is water. It is located on the Arkansas River. The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Russellville has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.


== Demographics ==
As of the 2010 Census, there were 27,920 people, 10,318 households, and 6,383 families residing in the city. The population density was 987.4 people per square mile (381.2/km2). There were 11,124 housing units at an average density of 393.4 per square mile (152.4/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 83.2% White, 5.5% Black or African American, 0.7% Native American, 1.6% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 6.7% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. 11.7% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 10,318 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were married couples living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.97.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 21.4% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29.1 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $38,234, and the median income for a family was $49,440. Males had a median income of $30,133 versus $19,906 for females. The per capita income for the city was $19,637. About 14.5% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.8% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.


== Economy ==
Arkansas corporations Tyson Foods, Inc. and Innovation Industries Elevator Signal Fixtures are among the nearly fifty manufacturing plants employing more than 8,300 people. Overall, there are more than ten divisions of Fortune 500 companies located in Russellville. There is a diverse manufacturing base located in the city including: Frozen dinners, railroad crossties, elevator signal fixtures, parking meters, aluminum foil, graphite electrodes, Microplanes, and aircraft and automotive parts.


=== Media ===
Russellville's local newspaper is The Courier, which is published six days a week (every day except Monday).
ABOUT the River Valley magazine, a monthly publication is distributed across five counties (Pope, Yell, Johnson, Conway, and Logan) of the Arkansas River Valley region is based in Russellville.
TV stations that reach Russellville are either from the Little Rock or Fort Smith markets as Russellville is on the "fringe" of both service areas. Russellville receives KFSM-TV (CBS) and KFTA-TV (FOX) from Fort Smith and KARK-TV (NBC) and KATV-TV (ABC) from Little Rock. The farther away from the city center one is, the likelihood becomes greater that one will receive the full package of channels from one market over the other (Fort Smith to the west and Little Rock to the east of town).
Several commercial radio stations serve the city, including KWKK-FM 100.9, KARV-AM 610 and KWXT-AM 1490, all of which are licensed to Russellville. In addition, radio stations KCJC-FM 102.3 and KCAB-AM 980 (both licensed to Dardanelle, AR); KVLD-FM 99.3 (licensed to Atkins, AR); KARV-FM 101.3 (licensed to Ola, AR) and KYEL-FM 105.5 (licensed to Danville, AR) have their studios in Russellville.
There are also two non-commercial radio stations operating in Russellville: KMTC-FM 91.1 and KXRJ-FM 91.9 (the radio station licensed to Arkansas Tech University).


=== Tourism ===
Russellville is known for its local music, art scene, and historic downtown area. The most notable of these events is the Art Walk. On the first Friday night of each quarter (March, June, September, and December), the city hosts the Downtown Art Walk, in which the public may listen to live music, taste wine and food, and appreciate, purchase and sell art while connecting with the community.
Russellville hosts a variety of sporting events and fishing tournaments, due to its location on Lake Dardanelle. Russellville is also close to Mt. Nebo and other state parks such as Lake Dardanelle State Park. Also many people commute to Russellville on a daily basis from its surrounding areas, for both work and recreation.
Russellville is also home to the Pope County Fairgrounds, which hosts many events ranging from horse racing to fairs and conventions. At the end of every summer, Russellville is also host to the annual Pope county fair; featuring rides, live music, livestock, games, and other various forms of entertainment. The county fair attracts more than 50,000 visitors each year.Recent economic growth is also turning Russellville into a regional shopping and dining destination, with new restaurants and businesses popping regularly along a new shopping center and hotel, featuring a convention center set for construction within the next several years; though both projects are running behind schedule, they are still moving forward.


== Education ==
Russellville is home to Arkansas Tech University, which was founded in 1909 and as of 2014 has 12,003 students.
Russellville is within the Russellville School District, which operates Russellville High School.
Russellville is also home to the Alternative learning center, which is made up of SLC (student learning center), SDC (student detention center), and an adult education center. The SLC program allows failing students to get more individualized attention so that they can catch up with the rest of their classmates or attain their high school diploma. The SDC program serves like an in-school suspension and serves students ranging from middle to high school. The adult learning center allows high school dropouts to come back and obtain their high school diplomas or GEDs.In 2013, Russellville was chosen as one of the filming locations for the independent Christian film "Cowboys and Jesus". One scene was filmed at Cyclone Stadium, depicting a football game in which locals from the area were invited to attend, appearing as "extras".==In popular culture==
In the NBC series Heroes, Russellville is the location of the plane crash in "Trust and Blood" in season three, episode fifteen.
Russellville power plant, Arkansas Nuclear One was featured in a 2011 episode of Aerial America on the Smithsonian Channel.


== Notable people ==
American composer Scott Bradley, most known for his works in Tom and Jerry (MGM) cartoons, was from Russellville.
Natalie Canerday, actress (Sling Blade, October Sky, Walk the Line), graduated from Russellville High School.
Jeff Davis, Democratic United States Senator from Arkansas and the 20th governor of the state, lived in Russellville.
Trevor Drown, Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives for Pope and Van Buren counties since 2015; Libertarian Party nominee for United States Senate in 2010.
Jelly Gardner, baseball player in the Negro leagues.
Elizabeth Gracen, crowned Miss America in 1982, is a 1979 graduate of Russellville High School.
Brooks Hays began his law practice in Russellville with his father before he became a U.S. representative and an advisor to U.S. Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson.
Kenneth Henderson, Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives since 2015 for Pope County; real estate developer in Russellville.
NFL punter and College All-American Greg Horne graduated from Russellville High School in 1983.
Thomas H. Hudson, Democratic member of the Louisiana State Senate from 1976 to 1988; Baton Rouge attorney, and native of Russellville.
Andrea Lea, Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from Russellville since 2009; candidate for state auditor in 2014.
Famed knife maker Jimmy Lile was a Russellville native, best known for his work involving the Rambo film series.
NFL player and All-Pro selection Eddie Meador graduated RHS in 1955, and played college football at Arkansas Tech University.
Professional wrestler and reality television star Matt Riviera was born and raised in Russellville.
Greg Standridge, Republican member of the Arkansas State Senate from Russellville since 2015.
NBA player Corliss Williamson is a 1992 graduate of Russellville High School.
United States congressman Steve Womack was born in Russellville.


== Gallery ==


== See also ==

List of cities and towns in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pope County, Arkansas


== References ==


== External links ==
Main Street Russellville at Main Street Russellville, Inc.
Russellville Public Library at the Pope County Library System
<|endoftext|>
Walther Damery (1610, Liège – after 1672, Liège), was a Southern Netherlandish Baroque painter.


== Biography ==
According to Houbraken he was known along with Leonard van Orley for emblems in the manner of Jacob Cats.According to the RKD he was the teacher of his younger brother Jacques Damery and Gilles Hallet. He travelled to England in 1639 and the next year he left for Italy and on the way back in 1643 he was captured by pirates and taken to Algiers. He escaped and in 1644 made an altarpiece for the Cathedral of the southern French town Toulon. He then travelled north and stayed in Paris until 1646 before returning to Liege, where he took on pupils. He is known for portraits and religious works, of which one is dated 1672.

		
		
		


== References ==

Walther Damery on Artnet
<|endoftext|>
Igor Fernandes da Silva Araújo (born 6 June 1992), known as Igor Fernandes, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left back for Ferroviária.


== Career statistics ==
As of 19 November 2019


== Honours ==
CorinthiansCampeonato Paulista: 2013
Recopa Sudamericana: 2013Sport RecifeCopa do Nordeste: 2014AvaíCampeonato Catarinense: 2019


== References ==


== External links ==
Igor Fernandes at Sambafoot
<|endoftext|>
Minato Kuyakusho Station (港区役所駅, Minato Kuyakusho-eki) is an underground railway station on the Meikō Line in Minato-ku, Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan, operated by Nagoya Municipal Subway. It is numbered "E05".


== Lines ==
Minato Kuyakusho Station is served by the Meikō Line, and lies 4.6 km from the terminus of the Meikō Line at Kanayama Station.


== Adjacent stations ==


== Layout ==
Minato Kuyakusho Station has two underground opposed side platforms. There is one set of ticket barriers, beyond which there are two exits. Each platform has an elevator, and Platform 1 for Nagoyakō Station has an up escalator and Platform 2 for Kanayama Station has a down escalator. Beyond the gates are two exits, Exit 1 and Exit 2. Near Exit 2 is a public telephone. There are universal access toilets with a baby changing area.


=== Platforms ===
On Platform 1 for Nagoyakō Station, train door 13 is closest to the elevator, door 12 is closest to the escalator, and doors 5 and 12 are closest to the stairs. On the opposite platform, Platform 2 for Kanayama Station, train door 14 is closest to the elevator and doors 7 and 14 are closest to the stairs.


== History ==
Minato Kuyakusho Station was opened on 29 March 1971.


== Surrounding area ==
This station provides access to its namesake, Minato-ku Ward Office, as well as a local library and a 24-hour post office.


== References ==


== External links ==
Nagoya Transportation Bureau station information (in Japanese)
<|endoftext|>
Shandar (transl. Magnificent) is a 1990 Indian Hindi-language film directed by Vinod Dewan, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Meenakshi Seshadri and Mandakini. The dialogues of this movie became a hit and were applauded by the audience, to the credit of Iqbal Durrani.
Film had 100 days run at the box office. The film was super hit.


== Cast ==
Mithun Chakraborty as Shankar
Meenakshi Seshadri as Rani
Mandakini as Anita Chaurasia
Juhi Chawla as Tulsi
Sumeet Saigal as Ashok
Kader Khan as Rai Bahadur Arjun Chaurasia
Danny Denzongpa as Daaga


== Music ==
"Sawan Barasata Hai" – Mohammed Aziz, Anuradha Paudwal
"Meri Umar Kunwari" – Mohammed Aziz, Alka Yagnik
"Haath Mein Mehndi" – Mohammed Aziz, Kavita Krishnamurthy
"Bade Logo Ki Badi Baat" – Anuradha Paudwal, Alka Yagnik, Shabbir Kumar
"Ek Main Hoon Ek Tu Hai" – Alisha Chinai, Kishore Kumar


== References ==


== External links ==
Shandar at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Trypodendron domesticum  is a species of weevil native to Europe.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
In mathematics, an interval contractor (or contractor for short) associated to a set X is  an operator C which associates to a box [x] in Rn another box C([x]) of Rn  such that the two following properties are always satisfied

  
    
      
        C
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        ⊂
        [
        x
        ]
      
    
    {\displaystyle C([x])\subset [x]}
   (contractance property)
  
    
      
        C
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        ∩
        X
        =
        [
        x
        ]
        ∩
        X
      
    
    {\displaystyle C([x])\cap X=[x]\cap X}
   (completeness property)A contractor associated to a constraint (such as an equation or an inequality) is a 
contractor associated to the set X of all x which satisfy the constraint.  
Contractors make it possible to improve the efficiency of branch-and-bound
algorithms classically used in interval analysis.


== Properties of contractors ==
A contractor C is monotonic if we have 

  
    
      
        [
        x
        ]
        ⊂
        [
        y
        ]
        ⇒
        C
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        ⊂
        C
        (
        [
        y
        ]
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle [x]\subset [y]\Rightarrow C([x])\subset C([y])}
  
It is minimal if for all boxes [x], we have 

  
    
      
        C
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        =
        [
        [
        x
        ]
        ∩
        X
        ]
      
    
    {\displaystyle C([x])=[[x]\cap X]}
  ,
where [A] is the interval hull of the set A, i.e., the smallest
box enclosing A.
The contractor C is thin if for all points x,

  
    
      
        C
        (
        {
        x
        }
        )
        =
        {
        x
        }
        ∩
        X
      
    
    {\displaystyle C(\{x\})=\{x\}\cap X}
  
where {x} denotes the degenerated box enclosing x as a single point.
The contractor C is idempotent if for all boxes [x], we have

  
    
      
        C
        ∘
        C
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        =
        C
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle C\circ C([x])=C([x]).}
  
The contractor C is convergent if for all sequences [x](k) of boxes containing x, we have

  
    
      
        [
        x
        ]
        (
        k
        )
        →
        x
        ⇒
        C
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        (
        k
        )
        )
        →
        {
        x
        }
        ∩
        X
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle [x](k)\rightarrow x\Rightarrow C([x](k))\rightarrow \{x\}\cap X.}
  


== Illustration ==
Figure 1 represents the set X painted grey and some boxes. Some of them of degenerated, i.e., they correspond to singletons. Figure 2 represents these boxes 
after contraction. Note that no point of X has been removed by the contractor. The contractor
is minimal for the cyan box but is pessimistic for the green one. All degenerated blue boxes are contracted to
the empty box. The magenta box and the red box cannot be contracted.


== Contractor algebra ==
Some operations can be performed on contractors to build more complex contractors.

The intersection, the union, the composition and the repetition are defined as follows.

  
    
      
        (
        
          C
          
            1
          
        
        ∩
        
          C
          
            2
          
        
        )
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        =
        
          C
          
            1
          
        
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        ∩
        
          C
          
            2
          
        
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle (C_{1}\cap C_{2})([x])=C_{1}([x])\cap C_{2}([x])}
  
  
    
      
        (
        
          C
          
            1
          
        
        ∪
        
          C
          
            2
          
        
        )
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        =
        [
        
          C
          
            1
          
        
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        ∪
        
          C
          
            2
          
        
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        ]
      
    
    {\displaystyle (C_{1}\cup C_{2})([x])=[C_{1}([x])\cup C_{2}([x])]}
  
  
    
      
        (
        
          C
          
            1
          
        
        ∘
        
          C
          
            2
          
        
        )
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        =
        
          C
          
            1
          
        
        (
        
          C
          
            2
          
        
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle (C_{1}\circ C_{2})([x])=C_{1}(C_{2}([x]))}
  
  
    
      
        
          C
          
            ∞
          
        
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
        =
        C
        ∘
        C
        ∘
        C
        ∘
        ⋯
        ∘
        C
        (
        [
        x
        ]
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle C^{\infty }([x])=C\circ C\circ C\circ \cdots \circ C([x])}
  


== Building contractors ==
There exist different ways to build contractors associated to equations and inequalities,
say, f(x) in [y]. Most of them are based on interval arithmetic.
One of the most efficient and most simple is the forward/backward contractor (also 
called as HC4-revise). 
The principle is to evaluate f(x) using interval arithmetic (this is the forward step).
The resulting interval is intersected with [y]. A backward evaluation of f(x) is then performed 
in order to contract the intervals for the xi (this is the backward step). We now illustrate the principle on a simple example.
Consider the constraint

  
    
      
        (
        
          x
          
            1
          
        
        +
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
        )
        ⋅
        
          x
          
            3
          
        
        ∈
        [
        1
        ,
        2
        ]
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle (x_{1}+x_{2})\cdot x_{3}\in [1,2].}
  
We can evaluate the function f(x) by introducing the two intermediate
variables a and b, as follows

  
    
      
        a
        =
        
          x
          
            1
          
        
        +
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle a=x_{1}+x_{2}}
  
  
    
      
        b
        =
        a
        ⋅
        
          x
          
            3
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle b=a\cdot x_{3}}
  The two previous constraints are called forward constraints. We get the backward constraints 
by taking each forward constraint in the reverse order and isolating each variable on the right hand side.  We get

  
    
      
        
          x
          
            3
          
        
        =
        
          
            b
            a
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle x_{3}={\frac {b}{a}}}
  
  
    
      
        a
        =
        
          
            b
            
              x
              
                3
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle a={\frac {b}{x_{3}}}}
  
  
    
      
        
          x
          
            1
          
        
        =
        a
        −
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle x_{1}=a-x_{2}}
  
  
    
      
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
        =
        a
        −
        
          x
          
            1
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle x_{2}=a-x_{1}}
  The resulting forward/backward contractor 

  
    
      
        C
        (
        [
        
          x
          
            1
          
        
        ]
        ,
        [
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
        ]
        ,
        [
        
          x
          
            3
          
        
        ]
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle C([x_{1}],[x_{2}],[x_{3}])}
  
is obtained by
evaluating the forward and the backward constraints using interval analysis.

  
    
      
        [
        a
        ]
        =
        [
        
          x
          
            1
          
        
        ]
        +
        [
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
        ]
      
    
    {\displaystyle [a]=[x_{1}]+[x_{2}]}
  
  
    
      
        [
        b
        ]
        =
        [
        a
        ]
        ⋅
        [
        
          x
          
            3
          
        
        ]
      
    
    {\displaystyle [b]=[a]\cdot [x_{3}]}
  
  
    
      
        [
        b
        ]
        =
        [
        b
        ]
        ∩
        [
        1
        ,
        2
        ]
      
    
    {\displaystyle [b]=[b]\cap [1,2]}
  
  
    
      
        [
        
          x
          
            3
          
        
        ]
        =
        [
        
          x
          
            3
          
        
        ]
         
        ∩
         
        
          
            
              [
              b
              ]
            
            
              [
              a
              ]
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle [x_{3}]=[x_{3}]\ \cap \ {\frac {[b]}{[a]}}}
  
  
    
      
        [
        a
        ]
        =
        [
        a
        ]
        ∩
        
          
            
              [
              b
              ]
            
            
              [
              
                x
                
                  3
                
              
              ]
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle [a]=[a]\cap {\frac {[b]}{[x_{3}]}}}
  
  
    
      
        [
        
          x
          
            1
          
        
        ]
        =
        [
        
          x
          
            1
          
        
        ]
         
        ∩
         
         
        [
        a
        ]
        −
        [
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
        ]
      
    
    {\displaystyle [x_{1}]=[x_{1}]\ \cap \ \ [a]-[x_{2}]}
  
  
    
      
        [
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
        ]
        =
        [
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
        ]
         
        ∩
         
         
        [
        a
        ]
        −
        [
        
          x
          
            1
          
        
        ]
      
    
    {\displaystyle [x_{2}]=[x_{2}]\ \cap \ \ [a]-[x_{1}]}
  


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Gusztáv Szerémi (Hungarian: Szerémi Gusztáv; also Gustave Szerémi, Gustav Szerémi; 9 May 1877 in Budapest – 16 August 1952 in Budapest) was a Hungarian violinist, violist and composer.
Szerémi was professor of violin and viola at the Royal National Hungarian Academy of Music (Országos Magyar Királyi Zeneakadémia, now the Franz Liszt Academy of Music) in Budapest around the turn of the 20th century.  His pedagogical works for viola were introduced as the official curriculum of the Academy.


== Selected works ==
ConcertanteConcerto No. 1 in F major for viola (viola alto) and orchestra, Op. 6 (published 1890s)
Concerto No. 2 in g minor for viola (viola alto) and orchestra, Op. 57 (1911)
Concertino No. 1 in G major for violin and orchestra, Op. 63
Concertino No. 2 in E minor for violin and orchestra, Op. 64
Concertino No. 3 in D major for violin and orchestra, Op. 65Chamber musicRêverie for viola (viola alto) and piano, Op. 2
Souvenir, Morceau de salon for violin and piano, Op. 3
Rêverie in F major for violin and piano, Op. 5
Öt előadást képző könnyü hegedűdarab (5 Easy Concert Pieces in Positions I–V; 5 Leichte Vortragstücke von I. bis V. Lage) for violin and piano, Op. 5Gyermekjelenet (Kinderscene)
Barcarolle
Valse
Romance (Romanze)
MarciaTrois morceaux lyriques (3 Lyric Pieces) for viola (viola alto) and piano, Op. 33Souvenir in B♭ major
Chanson triste in E minor
Prière in E♭ majorScherzo in A minor for 3 violins, Op. 51
Cinq amusements pour les jeunes artistes de violon (5 Recreations for Young Artists of the Violin), Op. 58Menuetto in B♭ major
Berceuse in G minor
Scherzo in E♭ major
Gavotte in A major
Marcia in E♭ majorMélodie, Morceau de salon (Salon Piece) for cello and piano, Op. 61Pedagogical12 fokozatos tanulmány a technika fejlesztésére (12 Technical Studies; Zwölf technische Studien) for violin and piano, Op. 12
24 fokozatos tanulmány a technika fejlesztésére (24 Progressive Studies; 24 Études progressives) for viola, Op. 56Volume 1 (Nos.1–12): Positions I through III
Volume 2 (Nos.13–24): Positions I through VEleméleti és gyakorlati mélyhegedű-iskola (Elementary and Practical Viola Method)
Eleméleti és gyakorlati uj nagy brácsaiskola (Elementary and Practical New High Viola Method)
A mélyhegedűjáték főiskolája, Kamarazene-tanumányok régibb és modern mesterek muveibol, 2 kötetben, Az akadémiai osztályok használatára (The High School of Viola Playing)I. kötet: Haydn–Volkmann (Volume 1: From Haydn to Volkmann)
II. kötet: Bruckner–től napjainkig (Volume 2: From Bruckner Onward)


== Sources ==
Rozsnyai Károly könyv-és zeneműkiadóhivatala (Károly Rozsnyai Book and Music Publisher), Budapest


== External links ==
Free scores by Gusztáv Szerémi at the International Music Score Library Project (IMSLP)
<|endoftext|>
James Joseph Parsons (born March 24, 1973) is an American actor and producer. From 2007 to 2019, Parsons played Sheldon Cooper in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory. He has received various awards for his performance, including four Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series Musical or Comedy. In 2018, Forbes estimated his annual salary to be $26.5 million and named him the world's highest-paid television actor.Parsons made his Broadway debut in 2011 portraying Tommy Boatwright in the play The Normal Heart, for which he shared a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Ensemble Performance. He reprised the role in the film adaptation of the play, and he received his seventh Emmy nomination, this time in the category of Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie. Similarly, Parsons starred as party host Michael in the 50th anniversary Broadway production of The Boys in the Band, which won the 2019 Tony Award for Best Revival of a Play, reprising his performance (with the whole Broadway anniversary cast) in the 2020 film adaptation. In film, Parsons has voiced the lead character in Home (2015) and played supporting roles in Hidden Figures (2016) and Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile (2019).


== Early life ==
Jim Parsons was born at St. Joseph Hospital in Houston, Texas, and was raised in one of its northern suburbs, Spring. He is the son of Milton Joseph "Mickey/Jack" Parsons, Jr. and teacher Judy Ann (née McKnight). His sister, Julie Ann Parsons, is also a teacher. After playing the role of the Kola-Kola bird in a school production of The Elephant's Child at age six, Parsons was determined to become an actor. He attended Klein Oak High School in Spring. Parsons points to a role in Noises Off during his junior year as the first time "I fully connected with the role I was playing and started to truly understand what it meant to be honest on stage." The young Parsons was heavily influenced by sitcoms, particularly Three's Company, Family Ties, and The Cosby Show.After graduating from high school, Parsons earned a B.A. degree in Theater from the University of Houston. He was prolific during this time, appearing in 17 plays in 3 years. He was a founding member of Infernal Bridegroom Productions and regularly appeared at the Stages Repertory Theatre. Parsons enrolled in graduate school at the University of San Diego in 1999. He was one of seven students accepted into a special two-year course in classical theater, taught in partnership with the Old Globe Theater. Program director Rick Seer recalled having reservations about admitting Parsons, saying, "Jim is a very specific personality. He's thoroughly original, which is one reason he's been so successful. But we worried, 'Does that adapt itself to classical theater? Does that adapt itself to the kind of training that we're doing?' But we decided that he was so talented that we would give him a try and see how it worked out." Parsons enjoyed school and told an interviewer that he would have pursued a doctorate in acting if possible: "School was so safe!.....You frequently would surprise yourself by what you were capable of, and you were not surprised by some things." Parsons graduated with obtaining a M.F.A. degree in Acting from Old Globe Theatre/University of San Diego in 2001 and moved to New York.Parsons traced his family's history on TLC's Who Do You Think You Are? in September 2013 and discovered French heritage from his father's side. The French architect Louis-François Trouard (1729–1804) is Jim's six times great grandfather.


== Career ==


=== Early career ===
In New York, Parsons worked in Off-Broadway productions and made several television appearances. In a much-discussed 2003 Quiznos commercial, Parsons played a man who had been raised by wolves and continued to nurse from his wolf "mother". He had a recurring role on the television show Judging Amy and appeared on the television series Ed. Parsons also had minor roles in several movies, including Garden State and School for Scoundrels.


=== Breakthrough role in The Big Bang Theory ===
Parsons has estimated that he auditioned for between 15 and 30 television pilots, but on many of the occasions when he was cast, the show failed to find a television network willing to purchase it. The exception came with The Big Bang Theory. After reading the pilot script, Parsons felt that the role of Sheldon Cooper would be a very good fit for him. Although he did not feel any sort of relationship with the character, he was enchanted by the dialogue structure, the way the writers "brilliantly use those words that most of us don't recognize to create that rhythm, and the rhythm got me. It was the chance to dance through that dialogue and in a lot of ways still is."

In his audition, Parsons so impressed series creator Chuck Lorre that Lorre insisted on a second audition to see if Parsons could replicate the performance. Parsons was cast as Sheldon Cooper, a physicist with social apathy who frequently belittles his friends and the waitress who lives across the hall. The role required Parsons to "rattle off line after line of tightly composed, rhythmic dialogue, as well as then do something with his face or body during the silence that follows." Parsons credits his University of San Diego training with giving him the tools to break down Sheldon's lines.Television critic Andrew Dansby compares Parsons's physical comedy to that of Buster Keaton and other silent film stars. Lorre praises Parsons' instincts, saying that "You can't teach that." Lorre describes Parsons' "great sense of control over every part of his body, the way he walks, holds his hands, cocks his head, the facial tics as 'inspired'." Reviewer Lewis Beale describes Parsons' performance as "so spot-on, it seems as if the character and the actor are the same person." Parsons admits that the work is "more effort than I ever thought a sitcom would take, and that's really the fun of it." In August 2009, Parsons won the Television Critics Association award for individual achievement in comedy, beating Alec Baldwin, Tina Fey, Steve Carell, and Neil Patrick Harris. Parsons was nominated for Primetime Emmy Awards in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series, winning in 2010, 2011, 2013 and 2014. In September 2010, Parsons and co-stars Johnny Galecki and Kaley Cuoco signed new contracts, guaranteeing each of them $200,000 per episode for the fourth season of The Big Bang Theory, with substantial raises for each of the next three seasons. The three were also promised a percentage of the show's earnings. In January 2011, Parsons won the Golden Globe award for Best Actor in a Television Series – Comedy. From August 2013, Parsons, Cuoco and Galecki each earned $325,000 per episode. In August 2014, Parsons, Galecki and Cuoco once again signed new contracts, guaranteeing each of them $1 million per episode for the eighth, ninth, and tenth seasons of The Big Bang Theory, as well as quadrupling their percentage of the show's earnings to over 1% each.In August 2018, Parsons announced his refusal of a contract worth $50 million for seasons 13 and 14. The producers simultaneously announced that, after 279 episodes, the most of any multi-camera series in TV history, the show will come to an "epic, creative close" in May 2019. Parsons was expected to remain in his role as narrator of the prequel series, Young Sheldon.


=== Other works ===
In 2011, Parsons appeared with Jack Black, Owen Wilson, Steve Martin, and Rashida Jones in the comedy film The Big Year. It was released in October. That same year, he appeared as the human alter ego of Walter, the newest Muppet introduced in The Muppets. On May 18, 2012, Parsons began appearing on Broadway as Elwood P. Dowd in a revival of Harvey. Parsons received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on March 11, 2015. He voiced Oh, one of the lead roles in the DreamWorks Animation comedy film Home (2015), alongside Rihanna. On January 29, 2015, it was announced that Parsons would star as God in the Broadway production of An Act of God, a new play by David Javerbaum and directed by Joe Mantello. The play began previews at Studio 54 on May 5, 2015 and closed August 2, 2015, to positive reviews. In 2016, Jim Parsons played a supporting role as STG head engineer Paul Stafford in the biographical drama film Hidden Figures. The film was directed by Theodore Melfi, who had previously worked with Parsons in commercials for Intel.In 2017, Parsons started hosting his own SiriusXM talk show, Jim Parsons Is Too Stupid for Politics. The show ran for six weeks.In 2018, Parsons was one of the actors who voiced the audiobook A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo.


== Personal life ==
Parsons lives in New York City neighborhood Gramercy Park while also maintaining a residence in Los Angeles.His father died in a car crash on April 29, 2001.On May 23, 2012, an article in The New York Times noted that Parsons is gay and had been in a relationship for the last ten years. His husband is art director Todd Spiewak. In October 2013, Parsons called their relationship "an act of love, coffee in the morning, going to work, washing the clothes, taking the dogs out—a regular life, boring love". Parsons and Spiewak wed in New York in May 2017.Parsons supported Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the run-up for the 2016 United States presidential election.


== Filmography ==


=== Film ===


=== Television ===


=== Video games ===


== Stage ==


== Awards and nominations ==


== See also ==
Character actor
LGBT culture in New York City
List of self-identified LGBTQ New Yorkers
Television sitcom


== References ==


== External links ==
Jim Parsons at IMDb
Jim Parsons at the Internet Broadway Database 
Jim Parsons at the Internet Off-Broadway Database
Jim Parsons at AllMovie
CBS Biography
Movieline interviews Big Bang Theory's Jim Parsons On Learning Lines, Emmy Nods and Cast Ping Pong Deathmatches
Fresh Air Interview: Jim Parsons On The Science Of Sheldon, 'Big Bang'
<|endoftext|>
Hojai District is a district in Assam, India. It was formed on 15 August 2015. The headquarters of the District is situated at Sankardev Nagar, which is about 8 km away from Hojai town. Hojai District was formed from three tehsils of Nagaon District, namely Hojai, Doboka and Lanka. Hojai was a part of undivided Nowgong district (now Nagaon) of then Assam Province.


== History ==
The geographical area presently under Hojai district and its surrounding area as in the history of the ancient Kamarupa, was known as Davaka kingdom or Kapili Valley kingdom. In different sources this kingdom is mentioned as ‘Dabak’, ‘Kapili’ and ‘Tribeg’.  This kingdom enjoyed independent status up to the 6th century CE.Medieval historical sources mention that during the reign of Kashyap (1365-1400) of the Barahi Pala dynasty there began a new era of Kachari supremacy in the Kapili-Jamuna valley.  Birochana, a minister of Kachari origin in the service of king Bhoumapala of Behali area in the north bank of Brahmaputra had to flee his kingdom after a conflict with the king and came to the south bank of Brahmaputra and established a new kingdom on the banks of the Kalong river which was Brahmapur or the present day Batampur and he assumed the name ‘Bicharpatipha’. Soon Kachari reign spread to the entire Kapili-Jamuna valley and the name of the kingdom was known as Kacharipar.
Due to Ahoms kingdom's vigorous territorial expansion, the Kachari kings came in to conflict with them. During the rule of Kachari king Tamradhwaja Narayan the Kachari ruled areas went to the Ahoms under Swargadeo Gadadhar Singha.
The word ‘Hojai’ is of Dimasa origin. The priestly class of the Dimasas is known as Hojai or Hojaisa and the place they inhabited came to be known as Hojai. Even now Hojai area has a sizeable population of Dimasas and some of them have the surname ‘Hojai’.


== Demographics ==

According to the Indian Census of 2011, the three tehsils in the newly formed Hojai District had a population of 931,218 in 2011. Among those 499,565 are Muslim and 424,065 are Hindu, constitutuing 53.65% and 45.53% of district population respectively.
After Sylhet referendum which led to separation of Sylhet division from then Assam Province, a large number of Bengali Hindus have migrated to the area from the then East Pakistan and are mostly settled in the towns such as Lumding, Lanka and Hojai.

Hojai is a surname commonly used by the Dimasa community.


== Politics ==
Hojai district has three assembly constituencies. They are Jamunamukh, Hojai and Lumding. Hojai district is also part of Nowgong constituency.


== See also ==
Hojai
Dabaka
Lanka


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Greene-Rose Heritage Park is a park in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. Opened in 2008, the park is located along Harvard Street, near the intersection with Moore Street. It has a playground and tennis courts.


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Greene-Rose Heritage Park at Wikimedia Commons
<|endoftext|>
Niels Bernhart  (9 May 1946 – 22 April 2008) was a Danish pianist, composer and lecturer.
Born in Holbæk, he was assigned to the entertainment industry for over 40 years and toured for many years around his home country solo or with his own orchestras.
Back in the 1980s he began a collaboration with Jørn Hjorting - first with the radio broadcast "Prøv Lykken" (Try your luck) and in the latest years of the TV channel DK4 where he once a week accompanied and entertained in the program chatting with Jørn Hjorting.
Niels Bernhart owned his own record company, Stardust Musikproduction, primarily released his own material as well as other artists of his genre.
Nephew of Charles W.Thomas


== References ==
This article was initially translated from the Danish Wikipedia.


== External links ==
Official site
<|endoftext|>
The 75th Expeditionary Airlift Squadron is a provisional Air Force squadron.  It was most recently activated in May 2014 in Djibouti, where it provides airlift support for Combined Joint Task Force – Horn of Africa.  It replaced the 52d Expeditionary Airlift Squadron.
The squadron was first activated as the 75th Ferrying Squadron in 1943 it transported cargo.  It was redesignated the 75th Transport Transition Squadron later that year and trained aircrews on transport aircraft until being disbanded the following year.
The 75th was reconstituted as the 75th Air Transport Squadron in 1952.  It operated heavy airlift aircraft, primarily in the Pacific area until 1993.
Prior to its conversion to provisional status it was last assigned to the 86th Airlift Wing at Ramstein Air Base, Germany, where it operated C-9A Nightingale aircraft providing theater medical evacuation airlift in Europe until 2003.


== History ==


=== World War II ===
Initially formed by Air Transport Command (ATC) in early 1943 at Homestead Army Air Base, Florida.  Manned primarily by contract civilian pilots, the mission of squadron was ferrying aircraft along the South Atlantic Air Transport Route through the Caribbean to Brazil; then to Africa and then to combat airfields in Europe, Middle East, India or Australia.   Redesignated as a training squadron in June 1943.   Provided transition training in a wide variety of aircraft to experienced military and civilian pilots prior to them being assigned to ferrying duty.   The squadron was disbanded at the end of March 1944 and its personnel and equipment were transferred to the 563d Army Air Forces Base Unit.


=== Cold War ===
The squadron was reactivated by Military Air Transport Service (MATS), June 1952 at Great Falls Air Force Base, Montana.   Its primary mission was to transport personnel, equipment and supplies to Elmendorf Air Force Base, Alaska and return to Great Falls.  When MATS ended operations at Great Falls, was transferred to Travis Air Force Base, California, continued Alaska support operations as well as flying airlift operations throughout the Pacific.   It flew routine flights to Japan, Hawaii, Alaska and other points in Asia, including transport flights to Indochina and Karachi in Pakistan.

It was the second squadron to receive Lockheed C-141A Starlifters in 1965.   Along with the 44th Military Airlift Squadron, it primarily flew cargo and personnel to United States bases in South Vietnam and Thailand during the Vietnam War. In 1970 began transition to the larger Lockheed C-5A Galaxy airlifter, continuing its mission until the end of United States involvement in Vietnam in 1973.  After Vietnam, the squadron returned to normal peacetime operations throughout the 1970s and early 1980s, supporting United States initiatives throughout the world by airlifting passengers, equipment and materiel wherever needed.  The squadron briefly returned to combat duty in October 1983, when it supported combat operations in Grenada as part of Operation Urgent Fury and airlifted combat personnel to the island and assisted in the evacuation of American civilian medical students back to the United States. In December 1989, the squadron participated in Operation Just Cause, which ended the dictatorship of Panama's Gen. Manuel Noriega.

In August 1990, the 75th MAS provided strategic airlift in support of the massive coalition forces buildup in Southwest Asia prior to Operations Desert Shield; Operation Desert Storm and Operation Southern Watch. These operations helped contain the expansionist policies of Iraqi president Sadaam Hussein. In the wake of the 1991 Gulf War, the squadron also supported Operation Provide Comfort for Kurdish refugees for Kurdish refugees threatened by Iraqi forces.


=== Aeromedical airlift ===
In 1993, the squadron transferred its C-5s to other units as part of a re-organization of airlift units and was reassigned to the United States Air Forces in Europe, being assigned C-9 Nightingale medical evacuation aircraft.    It became the primary medical evacuation squadron in USAFE, transporting medical emergencies to Ramstein Air Base and subsequently to the Landstuhl Regional Medical Center.   In 2003, squadron was inactivated.


=== Expeditionary operations ===
The squadron was converted to provisional status and redesignated the 75th Expeditionary Airlift Squadron.  In May 2014 it was activated when crews and planes of the 317th Airlift Group deployed to Camp Lemonnier, Djibouti.   The squadron supported Combined Joint Task Force – Horn of Africa.  The unit mission included medical evacuations, disaster relief, humanitarian and airdrop operations.  Operations included movement of the East Africa Response Force to forward positions.


== Lineage ==
Constituted as the 75th Ferrying Squadron (Special) on 30 January 1943Activated on 8 February 1943
Redesignated 75th Transport Transition Squadron on 4 June 1943
Disbanded on 31 March 1944Reconstituted and redesignated 75th Air Transport Squadron, Medium on 20 June 1952Activated on 20 July 1952
Redesignated 75th Air Transport Squadron, Heavy on 8 October 1953
Redesignated 75th Military Airlift Squadron on 8 January 1966
Redesignated 75th Airlift Squadron on 1 November 1991
Inactivated on 1 October 2003Converted to provisional status and redesignated 75th Expeditionary Airlift SquadronActivated on 28 May 2014


=== Assignments ===
2d Operational Training Unit, Air Transport Command, 8 February 1943 – 31 March 1944
1701st Air Transport Group, 20 July 1952
1501st Air Transport Group, 16 May 1953
1501st Air Transport Wing, 18 January 1963
60th Military Airlift Wing, 8 January 1966
60th Military Airlift Group, 6 March 1978
60th Military Airlift Wing, 15 February 1979
60th Operations Group, 1 November 1991
86th Operations Group, 1 October 1993 – 1 October 2003
449th Air Expeditionary Group, 28 May 2014 –


=== Stations ===
Homestead Army Air Base, Florida, 8 February 1943 – 31 March 1944
Great Falls Air Force Base, Montana, 20 July 1952
Travis Air Force Base, California, c. 28 April 1953 – 1 October 1993
Ramstein Air Base, Germany, 1 Oct 1993-1 October 2003
Camp Lemonnier, Djibouti, 28 May 2014 –


=== Aircraft ===


== See also ==


== References ==


=== Notes ===
Explanatory notes
Citations


=== Bibliography ===
 This article incorporates public domain material from the Air Force Historical Research Agency website http://www.afhra.af.mil/.


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
Colliuris ludoviciana is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It is found in North America.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
<|endoftext|>
"Get out the vote" or "getting out the vote" (GOTV) describes efforts aimed at increasing the voter turnout in elections. In countries that do not have or enforce compulsory voting, voter turnout can be low, sometimes even below a third of the eligible voter pool. GOTV efforts typically attempt to register voters, then get them to vote, by absentee ballot, early voting or election day voting. GOTV is generally not required for elections when there are effective compulsory voting systems in place, other than perhaps to register first time voters.
There are two types of GOTV efforts. The first type is general voter registration campaigns and encouragement to vote, conducted by electoral authorities or nonpartisan organizations. The second type is partisan work targeted at potential voters who are likely to vote a particular way. For partisans it may be easier and more cost effective to encourage voting by a hundred supporters who did not vote in the past, than it is to convince fifty voters to switch support from one party to the other. This situation can lead to polarized electoral politics. A 70% turnout from a party's committed base can be better than a 50 percent turnout from both committed and marginal supporters.


== Campaign contexts ==
In contexts of the efforts of candidates, party activities and ballot measure campaigns, "get-out-the-vote" or "GOTV" is an adjective indicating having the effect of increasing the number of the campaign's supporters who will vote in the immediately approaching election.
Typically GOTV is a distinct phase of the overall campaign. Tactics used during GOTV often include: telephoning or sending personalized audio messages to known supporters on the days leading up to an election (or on election day itself), providing transport to and from polling stations for supporters, and canvassing known supporters. Canvassing for the purpose of voter registration usually ceases when GOTV begins. Other activities include literature drops early on election day or the evening before and an active tracking of eligible voters who have already voted.
GOTV can also be important in high turn-out elections when the margin of victory is expected to be close.


== Voter turnout organizations ==
In many countries, the task of electoral authorities includes the promotion of and assisting in the registration of potential voters, and in the exercise of the right to vote. However, such efforts are not uniformly successful, and at times are partisan.
A number of voter turnout organizations have formed in an effort to "get out the vote". In the United States, such voter turnout organizations include the League of Women Voters, Rock the Vote, The Voter Participation Center and Vote.org, which attempt to motivate  voters in targeted demographics to register and to vote.
During the 2016 Georgian parliamentary election, President of Georgia Giorgi Margvelashvili supported an unprecedented "get out the vote" campaign in Georgian history in terms of the scale of coverage, feedbacks, and results, a nation-wide campaign initiated by the Europe-Georgia Institute to increase involvement of youth in the elections.Shortly before the elections the Europe-Georgia Institute started the "Your Voice, Our Future" (YVOF Campaign) in the village of Bazaleti. President Margvelashvili and George Melashvili, the head of the Europe-Georgia Institute addressed participants. Shortly after summer schools on civic engagement, political culture and "Get out the vote" campaigns were held in 10 different regions of Georgia. participants visited 20 cities and towns and held meetings with locals, describing and explaining the importance of voting. Young people planned creative activities such as Flash mobs, plays, theatre sketches and attracted media attention.The effort of these organizations is in getting people to vote and not to promote particular candidates or political view, and a group is nonpartisan if it is not directing people how to vote. Nonpartisan groups generally do not distribute literature about candidates or causes when assisting potential voters to register to vote, and also do not focus GOTV efforts on voters who are most likely to agree with their personal views.


== Reading system ==
The traditional GOTV method used in the UK is the Reading system, developed by the Reading Constituency Labour Party and its MP Ian Mikardo for the 1945 general election. Once canvassing was performed to identify likely Labour voters, these were compiled onto 'Reading pads' or 'Mikardo sheets' featuring the names and addresses of supporters and pasted onto a large table or plank of wood. On election day these lists, with identical copies underneath, were torn off and given to GOTV campaigners. Lists of this type are sometimes referred to as Shuttleworths.
At each polling station, tellers for each party will collect the unique poll numbers of voters from their polling cards. These numbers are regularly collected from the polling stations and collated in a campaign headquarters for each ward, often referred to in the UK as a committee room. 'Promised voters' who have already voted are then crossed off the list of voters canvassed as supporting Labour. This enables campaigners to then focus more efficiently on the remainder of their supporters who have not voted. Computerisation has heralded further increases in efficiency, but nearly all subsequent methodologies can be traced back in some form to the Reading system.


== Negative campaigning and voter suppression ==

The terminology reflects a distinction of GOTV from the complementary strategy of suppressing turnout among likely opposition voters. Political consultants are reputed to privately advise some candidates to "go negative" (attack an opponent), without any intent to sway voters toward them: this plan is to instead increase the number of eligible voters who fail to vote, because their tendency to believe "politics is inherently corrupt" has so recently been reinforced. Such turnout suppression can be advantageous where any combination of three conditions apply:

The negative campaigning is targeted (by direct mail, telephone "push polls", or the like) on likely opposing voters, reducing the collateral damage to supporters' morale.
The side going negative has an advantage in its supporters being steadier voters than those of its opponent.
The side going negative has an advantage in doing effective GOTV, so that its campaign workers can get a GOTV "antidote" to more supporters "poisoned" by the negative campaign, than the opposing campaign can of their own supporters.


== Vote by mail ==
Face to face GOTV has been found to be less effective with vote by mail balloting.


== Get out the vote in practice ==

Political scientists have conducted hundreds of field experiments to learn which get out the vote tactics are effective, when, and on which types of voters. This research has revolutionized how campaigns conceive of their get out the vote efforts. Research also shows that voting is habit-forming, as voting in one election increases the probability of voting in a future election by 10 percentage points (controlling for other factors).The value of GOTV is unclear, but a well-organized effort can gain a candidate as much as nine percentage points in campaigns in the United States. In terms of mobilization, studies have found that door-to-door canvassing increases turnout among the contacted households with approximately 4.3 percentage points, according to experts Alan Gerber and Gregory Huber in 2016 while a 2013 study of 71 canvasses including many that targeted low propensity voters found turnout increased by 2–3 percentage points. Even earlier, analysts had often concluded that personal canvassing produced far higher voter turnout rates, such as 9.8–12.8%. While most experiments have been conducted in the US, recent studies have found similar or somewhat smaller effects in Europe.
The guide to grassroots elections Get Out the Vote determined that GOTV efforts averaged one vote every 15 door knocks by volunteers ($31 dollars per vote), 35 phone calls by volunteers ($35 dollars per vote), or 273 pieces of nonpartisan direct mail ($91 dollars per vote, no effect from partisan direct mail). They note that campaigns which experiment carefully can do better than these averages. Campaigns can raise turnout up to 8 percentage points with direct mail which tells neighbors when other neighbors have voted and promises to mail an update after the election, though people complain when they have no way to opt in or out of notification.Other studies have found that GOTV methods contribute little to none to voter turnout. One field experiment found that GOTV phone calls were largely ineffective, and that ease of access to polling locations had the largest impact on voter turnout.There is also the argument that GOTV targets a more affluent demographic, which is already more likely to vote. Less politically engaged demographic and socioeconomic groups are sometimes neglected in GOTV efforts.GOTV is often most effective when potential voters are told to do so "because others will ask." Voters will then go to the polls as a means of fulfilling perceived societal expectations. Paradoxically, informing voters that turnout is expecting to be high was found to increase actual voter turnout, while predicting lower turnouts actually resulted in less voters.In 2004, Rock the Vote paid to run TV ads aimed at young voters, on a random sample of small cable systems where they could measure the effects. Turnout was three percentage points higher among 18- to 19-year-olds in these sample areas than in the control group covered by other similar small cable systems; there was less effect above age 22.In November 2012 and 2013, Rock the Vote experimented with Facebook ads to encourage voter turnout by telling people the number of days remaining until the election and which of their friends "liked" the countdown. The ads were shown to over 400,000 adults, randomly selected from a base over 800,000. Rock the Vote had helped many of them register. The ads did not increase turnout in the experimental group, compared to the control group who did not get the ads. In 2012 they also experimented with text message reminders to 180,000 people who had provided their mobile numbers. Texts the day before the election raised turnout six tenths of a percentage point, while texts on election day lowered turnout.Several mobile apps tell people where to vote, identify their elected officials, or search candidates' positions, though no evidence measures how much these raise turnout. Facebook apps let users see who their friends endorse, which gives them a shortcut in deciding whom to vote for.Studies in 2012 and 2017 found that Facebook's "I'm Voting/I'm a Voter" button increased turnout in the 2010 Congressional elections by six tenths of a percentage point, and in the 2012 presidential election by a quarter of a percentage point. It named their friends who had clicked the voting button, thus opting in and minimizing complaints. However the button only appeared on election day, so it did not let friends track and encourage each other throughout the early voting period which most states have. It has been used in many elections throughout the world since then, without clarity on which users see it, leading to concerns on how it biases turnout.Groups such as Postcards To Voters send handwritten postcards to potential voters ahead of elections in hopes of increasing turnout. A 2007 study showed that handwritten notes were three times as effective as machine-printed ones.


== See also ==
Canvassing, an integral precursor to a GOTV operation
Election campaigns
Gevald campaign
Issue advocacy
List of democracy and elections-related topics
Street money
Voter registration in the United States


== References ==


== External links ==
Tilting the Playing Field: Voter ID & Turnout
US Federal and State Voter ID Requirements
<|endoftext|>
Tuomas Markkula (born 28 June 1990) is a Finnish footballer, who currently plays for Finnish Ykkönen (second level) side RoPS Rovaniemi.
Previously Markkula has played in TPS Turku and in Finnish third level Kakkonen with Åbo IFK. TPS is ÅIFK's parent club.
He has represented nationally Finland in youth level.


== References ==
Guardian Football
<|endoftext|>
Hymenopenaeus is a genus of prawns containing 17 species.


== Species ==
Hymenopenaeus aphoticus Burkenroad, 1936
Hymenopenaeus chacei Crosnier & Forest, 1969
Hymenopenaeus debilis Smith, 1882
Hymenopenaeus doris Faxon, 1893
Hymenopenaeus equalis Spence Bate, 1888
Hymenopenaeus fallax Crosnier & Dall, 2004
Hymenopenaeus fattahi Ramadan, 1938
Hymenopenaeus furici Crosnier, 1978
Hymenopenaeus halli Bruce, 1966
Hymenopenaeus laevis Spence Bate, 1881
Hymenopenaeus methalli Crosnier & Dall, 2004
Hymenopenaeus neptunus Spence Bate, 1881
Hymenopenaeus nereus Faxon, 1893
Hymenopenaeus obliquirostris Spence Bate, 1881
Hymenopenaeus propinquus de Man, 1907
Hymenopenaeus sewelli Ramadan, 1938
Hymenopenaeus tuerkayi Crosnier, 1995


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Paphiopedilum victoria-mariae is a species of orchid endemic to western Sumatra (Bukittinggi).
<|endoftext|>
The Buffalo Main Post Office in Buffalo, Wyoming was built in 1911 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department.  The post office in Buffalo was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.


== References ==


== External links ==
Photographs of the Buffalo Post Office at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Buffalo Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
<|endoftext|>
Westerly is a literary magazine that has been produced at the University of Western Australia since 1956. It currently publishes two issues a year, and in 2016 released its first online special issues. The journal maintains a specific focus on the Australian and Asian regions, but has published literary and cultural content from international authors. The magazine publishes fiction, poetry, cultural, autobiographic, and scholarly essays, and interviews.


== History ==
In 2015, Westerly ran a campaign called 'Word Matters', a response in publication to the funding cuts seen in the arts in federal and state budgets. The campaign published poetry from two young emerging poets, and sought reader engagement in the tweeting of responses online (#westerlywordmatters). Around that time, Westerly developed a more extensive online presence with a new website and social media engagement. The magazine, with the redesign of their website, broadened their publications to include special issues and regular online pieces.
In early 2016, the magazine ran a successful crowdfunding campaign on chuffed.org exceeding their target funding. Funding has also been received from the Copyright Agency Ltd. to support a forthcoming 'Writers Development Program'.The Westerly archives are housed in Special Collections in the University of Western Australia Library, with a complete digital version of the backset available at the website.


== Notable contributors ==
Notable Westerly writers include Randolph Stow, Dorothy Hewett, T.A.G. Hungerford and Elizabeth Jolley; highly awarded contemporary writers, including Tim Winton, Kim Scott, and Sally Morgan; and acclaimed local poets John Kinsella, Tracy Ryan, John Mateer, and Lucy Dougan. It has a remit to focus on Western Australian writing, with other interests including the Asia region and Australian literature more generally.
The Patricia Hackett Prize has been awarded by the University of Western Australia for the best original contribution to Westerly each year since 1965.


== See also ==
List of literary magazines


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Bennett, Bruce [et al.] (1993 Westerly looks to Asia: A selection from Westerly 1956-1992 Nedlands, W.A : Indian Ocean Centre for Peace Studies in association with the Centre for Studies in Australian Literature, University of Western Australia, 1993. Monograph (Indian Ocean Centre for Peace Studies) ; no. 6. ISBN 1-86342-193-9
Bennett, Bruce and Peter Cowan, eds. (1978) .Westerly 21: An anniversary selection Fremantle (W.A.): Fremantle Arts Centre Press. ISBN 0-909144-10-9
Bennett, Bruce, (2005) Westerly through the rear-view mirror. (A brief history of the literary magazine). Westerly, Vol. 50 (2005), p. 13-17.


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
Vitreolina parfaiti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. 


== Distribution ==
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off the Canary Islands


== References ==

Warén, A. (1984). A generic revision of the family Eulimidae (Gastropoda, Prosobranchia). Journal of Molluscan Studies. suppl 13: 1-96


== External links ==
Folin L. de. (1884). Appendice. descripton de trois espèces nouvelles du genre Eulima. Bulletin de la Société de Géographie de Rochefort. 5: 143-146
<|endoftext|>
Microbotryum silenes-dioicae is a species of fungus first isolated from Brittany, France. Its name refers to its host species, Silene dioica. The fungus is the cause of anther-smut disease, which results in fungal spores replacing the pollen in the anthers. The species that most resembles ‘’M. silenes-dioicae’’ morphologically is M. lychnidis-dioicae.


== Description ==
This species shows sori arranged in anthers. Its spore mass is powdery and brown. The spores are mainly globose, subglobose or ellipsoidal, measuring 6.5–10.5 by 5.5–9.0 μm and being pale coloured. The spore wall is reticulate, presenting 6–8 meshes per spore diameter, the latter being irregularly polygonal.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Abbate, J. L., and M. E. Hood. "Dynamic linkage relationships to the mating‐type locus in automictic fungi of the genus Microbotryum." Journal of Evolutionary Biology 23.8 (2010): 1800–1805.
Vercken, Elodie, et al. "Glacial refugia in pathogens: European genetic structure of anther smut pathogens on Silene latifolia and Silene dioica." PLoS Pathog 6 (2010): e1001229.
Gladieux, Pierre, et al. "Maintenance of fungal pathogen species that are specialized to different hosts: allopatric divergence and introgression through secondary contact." Molecular Biology and Evolution 28.1 (2011): 459–471.


== External links ==
"Microbotryum silenes-dioicae" at the Encyclopedia of Life
Mycobank
<|endoftext|>
In passing through matter, charged particles ionize and thus lose energy in many steps, until their energy is (almost) zero. The distance to this point is called the range of the particle. The range depends on the type of particle, on its initial energy and on the material through which it passes.
For example, if the ionising particle passing through the material is a positive ion like an alpha particle or proton, it will collide with atomic electrons in the material via Coulombic interaction. Since the mass of the proton or alpha particle is much greater than that of the electron, there will be no significant deviation from the radiation's incident path and very little kinetic energy will be lost in each collision. As such, it will take many successive collisions for such heavy ionising radiation to come to a halt within the stopping medium or material. Maximum energy loss will take place in a head-on collision with an electron.
Since large angle scattering is rare for positive ions, a range may be well defined for that radiation, depending on its energy and charge, as well as the ionisation energy of the stopping medium. Since the nature of such interactions is statistical, the number of collisions required to bring a radiation particle to rest within the medium will vary slightly with each particle (i.e., some may travel further and undergo fewer collisions than others). Hence, there will be a small variation in the range, known as straggling.
The energy loss per unit distance (and hence, the density of ionization), or stopping power also depends on the type and energy of the particle and on the material. Usually, the energy loss per unit distance increases while the particle slows down. The curve describing this fact is called the Bragg curve. Shortly before the end, the energy loss passes through a maximum, the Bragg Peak, and then drops to zero (see the figures in Bragg Peak and in stopping power). This fact is of great practical importance for radiation therapy.
The range of alpha particles in ambient air amounts to only several centimeters; this type of radiation can therefore be stopped by a sheet of paper. Although beta particles scatter much more than alpha particles, a range can still be defined; it frequently amounts to several hundred centimeters of air.
The mean range can be calculated by integrating the inverse stopping power over energy.


== Scaling ==
The range of a heavy charged particle is approximately proportional to the mass of the particle and the inverse of the density of the medium, and is a function of the initial velocity of the particle.


== See also ==
Stopping power (particle radiation)
Attenuation length
Radiation length


== Further reading ==
Nakamura, K (1 July 2010). "Review of Particle Physics". Journal of Physics G: Nuclear and Particle Physics. 37 (7A): 1–708. Bibcode:2010JPhG...37g5021N. doi:10.1088/0954-3899/37/7A/075021. PMID 10020536.
Williams, William S. C. (1992). Nuclear and particle physics (Reprinted (with corr.) ed.). Oxford: Clarendon Press. ISBN 978-0-19-852046-7.
Leo, William R. (1994). Techniques for nuclear and particle physics experiments : a how-to approach (2nd rev. ed.). Berlin: Springer. ISBN 978-3-540-57280-0.
<|endoftext|>
Carl Eller (born January 25, 1942) is an American former professional football player who was a defensive end  in the National Football League (NFL) from 1964 through 1979. He was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina and played college football for the Minnesota Golden Gophers. He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2004.


== College career ==
As a sophomore at the University of Minnesota, Eller helped lead the Golden Gophers to a Rose Bowl victory.  While Eller shared the starting position as a sophomore, he became a full-time, two-way player as a junior and senior and was voted All-America both years. During his time in college, the Gophers were National Champions as well as Big Ten champions. As a senior (1963), Eller was the runner-up for the Outland Trophy. Following each football season, the Carl Eller Award is given to the University of Minnesota's Defensive Player of the Year. He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2006.At the University of Minnesota, Eller joined Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity, via the Mu Chapter while at the University of Minnesota. In 1994, he graduated from Metropolitan State University in St. Paul, Minnesota with a bachelor's degree in human services.


== NFL career ==
In 1964, Eller was drafted in the first round of the NFL draft by  the Minnesota Vikings. He was also drafted in the first round of the American Football League Draft by the Buffalo Bills, who could not sign him.  As the left defensive end in the Vikings front four, he was a major factor in the unit known as the "Purple People Eaters".
Starting in 1968, Eller's fifth campaign, Minnesota won 10 Central Division titles in the next 11 seasons. The Vikings won the NFL Championship in 1969, losing to the AFL Champion Kansas City Chiefs in Super Bowl IV, and won the NFC Championships in 1973, 1974, and 1976.  Eller was one of 11 Vikings to play in all four of their Super Bowls.
He was selected to play in six Pro Bowls (1968–1971, 1973, and 1974). After being traded with an eighth round pick to Seattle Seahawks for defensive tackle Steve Niehaus, Eller played his final season in 1979 with the Seattle Seahawks, where he ran his career total to 225 games. In his career, "Moose" only missed three games and started 209 out of the 225 he played.
Eller is credited as the Vikings' all-time sack leader with 130½. He also had 3 sacks with the Seahawks in 1979 for a career total of 133½. He set a career high with 15 sacks in 1969 and matched that total in 1977; he also amassed 7 seasons with 10 or more sacks.Eller was First-team All-NFL from 1968–71, and again in 1973. He was also Second-team All-Pro in 1967 and 1972 and was All-NFC by AP and The Sporting News in 1975. Matched with his Pro Bowls, Eller had a nine-year consecutive streak with some sort of post-season honor which began in 1967 with his Second-team All-pro selection and ended in 1975 with his All-NFC honors.
He was voted the George S. Halas Trophy in 1971 as the NFL's Defensive Player of the Year as awarded by the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA).


== Life after football ==
As a licensed drug and alcohol counselor, Eller founded a group of substance-abuse clinics in the Twin Cities called Triumph Life Centers in 1986.
He obtained a college degree in Human Services from Metropolitan State University in 1994 and went on to work for the Minnesota Department of Human Services, addressing issues of health disparities between white people and people of color.In 2000, Eller was named to the Vikings' 40th Anniversary Team and in 2010, he was named to the Vikings' 50th Anniversary team. In 2004, Eller was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. In 2006, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Eller was arrested in 2006 for DUI and pleaded guilty.Eller was arrested in 2008 for fourth-degree assault of a police officer and second-degree refusal to submit to chemical testing, both Gross misdemeanors. He was sentenced and served 60 days in the county workhouse.


== References ==


== External links ==

Career statistics and player information from Pro Football Reference
Carl Eller at the Pro Football Hall of Fame
Carl Eller at the College Football Hall of Fame
<|endoftext|>
Dictyestra is a monotypic moth genus of the family Noctuidae erected by Shigero Sugi in 1982. It contains only one species, Dictyestra dissectus, the angle network armyworm, first described by Francis Walker in 1865. It is found from India to Indochina, Sri Lanka, China, Japan, Sundaland and the Philippines and from Sulawesi to the Moluccas and New Guinea.


== Description ==
Its wingspan is about 45 mm. The forewings are long and narrow. Antennae of male minutely ciliated. Head and thorax dark brown. Abdomen fuscous with pale extremity. Forewings are dark brown with ochreous veins. Sub-basal, antemedial and postmedial double lines are ochreous, where the second curved and last angled beyond the cell and met by a streak from apex. There is an ochreous doubly-curved submarginal line present. Hindwings are fuscous brown.


== References ==


== External links ==
Pitkin, Brian & Jenkins, Paul. "Search results Family: Noctuidae". Butterflies and Moths of the World. Natural History Museum, London.
<|endoftext|>
The 1961 Iowa Hawkeyes football team represented the University of Iowa in the 1961 Big Ten Conference football season. This was Jerry Burns' first season as head coach.


== Schedule ==


== Roster ==


== Rankings ==


== Game summaries ==


=== California ===


=== at USC ===


=== Indiana ===


=== Wisconsin ===


=== Purdue ===


=== at Ohio State ===


=== Minnesota ===


=== at Michigan ===


=== Notre Dame ===


== 1962 NFL Draft ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Bekir Şahin (born 1 March 1960, Mecitözü, Turkey) is a jurist, former judge and the current State Prosecutor of the Court of Cassation in Turkey.


== Education ==
He was educated at the Imam Hatip school and studied law at the Dokuz Eylül University from which he graduated in 1986. Following he entered the public administration and became a judge in courts in a variety of cities.


== Court of Cassation ==
Since 2013, he acted as a member of the Court of Cassation. Between May 2019 and June 2020 he acted as the president of the 14th Chamber of the Court of Cassation. Nominated by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, he serves as the State Prosecutor at the Court of Cassation (also known as Supreme Court of Appeals) since June 2020.On the 17 March 2021, he filed a lawsuit calling for the closure of the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP), alleging they act in cooperation with the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) and against the unity of the state. In the same file, he called for the ban from politics for 600 politicians of the HDP.


== Personal life ==
He is married and has 2 children.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Pisan Dorkmaikaew (Thai: พิศาล ดอกไม้แก้ว, born May 5, 1984), is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Uthai Thani.


== Career ==
On behalf of the Thailand national football team, Winfried Schäfer was called Pisan to the national team in 2011 before being re-named as a part of the team again in the Milovan Rajevac in 2019 but he never play in any official match with this two called.In February 2020, Dorkmaikaew announced his retirement from professional football, after a spell with Air Force United. However, later in the same month, he joined MOF Customs United. In December 2020, Dorkmaikaew signed with Thai League 2 club Uthai Thani.


== References ==


== External links ==
Profile at Goal
Pisan Dorkmaikaew at Soccerway
<|endoftext|>
The Solo Mobile / Eckō Red Tour was a tour organised in August 2005 featuring Keshia Chanté, Amanda Stott, Christine Evans and Cassie Steele.  The main sponsors were Solo Mobile, a Bell Mobility brand, and Eckō Red, an Eckō Unltd. brand.  The Student Price Card was also a large-scale sponsor.


== Tour dates ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Christine-Evans.com le 20 juillet 2005.
<|endoftext|>
Poppitz is a 2002 Austrian comedy film directed by Harald Sicheritz.


== Cast ==
Roland Düringer - Gerry Schartl
Marie Bäumer - Lena Schartl
Nora Heschl - Patrizia Schartl
Kai Wiesinger - Ben
Alfred Dorfer - Bertram Klingelmeier
Reinhard Nowak - Fritz Nowak
Oliver Korittke - Uwe Schalk
Maria Hofstätter - Frau Kübel
Eva Billisich - Grete Nowak


== References ==


== External links ==
Poppitz at IMDb
Trailer on YouTube
<|endoftext|>
Sir Ernest Craig, 1st Baronet (1859 – 9 April 1933) was a British Conservative Party politician.
He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for the Crewe division of Cheshire at a by-election in July 1912 after the death of his Liberal predecessor, Walter McLaren. Craig did not stand for re-election in 1918, when the seat was won a Coalition Liberal, and his next candidacy was at the 1924 general election, when he won the seat in a straight contest with the sitting Labour Party MP Edward Hemmerde. He stepped down from the House of Commons at the 1929 general election.In the King's Birthday Honours 1927, he was made a baronet on 1 July 1927, of Alsager in Cheshire.Ernest Craig, before becoming a politician, along with many other Englishmen went west to the USA and to New Mexico in particular. He owned the Last Chance Mine in Mogollon, Grant County, New Mexico, and a picture survives of him in 1908 seated in a motor vehicle at Hudson Springs (now Faywood Hot Springs). He introduced innovative methods of extracting gold. He also established a horse and buggy transport for mining company property movement between Mogollon and Silver City. His only child, Ernestine, later acquired the Mimbres Hot Springs, a few miles from Faywood. Her son Craig Wheaton-Smith managed the Mimbres Hot Springs ranch, and her grandson Simon Wheaton-Smith (Ernest Craig's great grandson) also resides in Silver City, New Mexico.


== References ==


== External links ==
Hansard 1803–2005: contributions in Parliament by Ernest Craig
<|endoftext|>
Validated numerics, or rigorous computation, verified computation, reliable computation, numerical verification (German: Zuverlässiges Rechnen) is numerics including mathematically strict error (rounding error, truncation error, discretization error) evaluation, and it is one field of numerical analysis. For computation, interval arithmetic is used, and all results are represented by intervals. Validated numerics were used by Warwick Tucker in order to solve the 14th of Smale's problems, and today it is recognized as a powerful tool for the study of dynamical systems.


== Importance ==
Computation without verification may cause unfortunate results. Below are some examples.


=== Rump's example ===
In the 1980s, Rump made an example. He made a complicated function and tried to obtain its value. Single precision, double precision, extended precision results seemed to be correct, but its plus-minus sign was different from the true value.


=== Phantom solution ===
Breuer–Plum–McKenna used the spectrum method to solve the boundary value problem of the Emden equation, and reported that an asymmetric solution was obtained. This result to the study conflicted to the theoretical study by Gidas–Ni–Nirenberg which claimed that there is no asymmetric solution. The solution obtained by Breuer–Plum–McKenna was a phantom solution caused by discretization error. This is a rare case, but it tells us that when we want to strictly discuss differential equations, numerical solutions must be verified.


=== Accidents caused by numerical errors ===
The following examples are known as accidents caused by numerical errors:

Failure of intercepting missiles in the Gulf War (1991)
Failure of the Ariane 5 rocket (1996)
Mistakes in election result totalization


== Main topics ==
The study of validated numerics is divided into the following fields:


== Tools ==


== See also ==


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Tucker, Warwick (2011). Validated Numerics: A Short Introduction to Rigorous Computations. Princeton University Press.
Moore, Ramon Edgar, Kearfott, R. Baker., Cloud, Michael J. (2009). Introduction to Interval Analysis. Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
Rump, Siegfried M. (2010). Verification methods: Rigorous results using floating-point arithmetic. Acta Numerica, 19, 287-449.


== External links ==
Validated Numerics for Pedestrians
Reliable Computing, An open electronic journal devoted to numerical computations with guaranteed accuracy, bounding of ranges, mathematical proofs based on floating-point arithmetic, and other theory and applications of interval arithmetic and directed rounding.
<|endoftext|>
Pika Peak is a mountain located between Mount Richardson and Ptarmigan Peak in Banff National Park, Alberta, Canada  The mountain was named in 1928 after the pika, the small "rock rabbit" that inhabits alpine regions.
The Lake Louise Mountain Resort is developed on the southern slopes of the Merlin Ridge, which includes Mount Richardson, Ptarmigan Peak and Pika Peak. A campground is located at the foot of the mountain, near Hidden Lake.
The first ascent was made in 1911 by L.L. Delafield and L.M. Earle, who were guided by Rudolph Aemmer and Edward Feuz jr.


== Routes ==
The scrambling route via the Richardson-Pika col and the west ridge is rated difficult. Either gain the col by ascending Mt. Richardson (easy scramble) or by attacking the lower flanks of Pika Peak above Hidden Lake.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Hazaribagh Lok Sabha constituency (Hindi: हजारीबाग लोक सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) is one of the 14 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Jharkhand state in eastern India. This constituency covers the entire Ramgarh district and part of Hazaribagh district


== Assembly segments ==
Presently, Hazaribagh Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following five Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:


== Members of Parliament ==
1952: Lal Hembrom, Indian National Congress
Pt. Ramraj Jajware, Indian National Congress (Santhal Paragana cum Hazaribag Loksabha Seat)
1957: Lalita Rajya Lakshmi, Chota Nagpur Santhal Parganas Janata Party
1962: Basant Narain Singh, Swatantra Party
1967: Basant Narain Singh, Independent
1968: Mohan Singh Oberoi, Indian National Congress (By Poll)
1971: Damodar Pandey, Indian National Congress
1977: Basant Narain Singh, Janata Party
1980: Basant Narain Singh, Janata Party
1984: Damodar Pandey, Indian National Congress
1989: Yadunath Pandey, Bharatiya Janata Party
1991: Bhubneshwar Prasad Mehta, Communist Party of India
1996: M. L. Vishwakarma, Bharatiya Janata Party
1998: Yashwant Sinha, Bharatiya Janata Party
1999: Yashwant Sinha, Bharatiya Janata Party
2004: Bhubneshwar Prasad Mehta, Communist Party of India
2009: Yashwant Sinha, Bharatiya Janata Party
2014: Jayant Sinha, Bharatiya Janata Party
2019: Jayant Sinha, Bharatiya Janata Party


== Election Results ==


== See also ==
Hazaribagh district
Ramgarh district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Hazaribagh lok sabha constituency election 2019 result details
<|endoftext|>
Alto is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) south of Turin and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southeast of Cuneo.
Alto borders the following municipalities: Aquila di Arroscia, Caprauna, Nasino, and Ormea.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Antedonidae is a family of crinoids or feather stars in the phylum Echinodermata. Members of the family are unstalked and have ten feathery arms. They can move about freely and have clawed cirri to attach them temporarily to structures.


== Genera ==

The following genera are recognised by the World Register of Marine Species:
sub-familia Antedoninae (Norman, 1865)
genus Andrometra AH Clark, 1917 -- 2 species
genus Annametra AH Clark, 1936 -- 2 species
genus Antedon de Fréminville, 1811 -- 14 species
genus Ctenantedon Meyer, 1972 -- 1 species
genus Dorometra Clark, 1917 -- 9 species
genus Euantedon AH Clark, 1912 -- 6 species
genus Eumetra AH Clark, 1908 -- 1 species
genus Iridometra Clark, 1908 -- 3 species
genus Mastigometra AH Clark, 1908 -- 3 species
genus Toxometra AH Clark, 1911 -- 5 species
sub-familia Bathymetrinae AH Clark, 1909
genus Argyrometra AH Clark, 1917 -- 2 species
genus Bathymetra AH Clark, 1908 -- 2 species
genus Boleometra AH Clark, 1936 -- 1 species
genus Fariometra AH Clark, 1917 -- 11 species
genus Hathrometra AH Clark, 1908 -- 1 species
genus Meteorometra AM Clark, 1980 -- 1 species
genus Nepiometra AH Clark, 1917 -- 1 species
genus Orthometra AH Clark, 1917 -- 1 species
genus Phrixometra Clark, 1921 -- 6 species
genus Retiometra AH Clark, 1936 -- 1 species
genus Thaumatometra AH Clark, 1908 -- 11 species
genus Tonrometra AH Clark, 1917 -- 4 species
genus Trichometra AH Clark, 1908  -- 3 species
sub-familia Heliometrinae AH Clark, 1909
genus Anthometrina Eleaume, Hess & Messing, 2011 -- 1 species
genus Comatonia AH Clark, 1916 -- 1 species
genus Florometra AH Clark, 1913 -- 9 species
genus Heliometra AH Clark, 1907 -- 1 species
sub-familia Isometrainae Fet & Messing, 2003
genus Isometra AH Clark, 1908  -- 7 species
sub-familia Perometrinae AH Clark, 1909
genus Erythrometra AH Clark, 1908 -- 3 species
genus Helenametra AM Clark, 1966 -- 1 species
genus Hypalometra AH Clark, 1908 -- 1 species
genus Nanometra AH Clark, 1907 -- 3 species
genus Perometra AH Clark, 1907  -- 4 species
sub-familia Thysanometrinae AH Clark, 1909
genus Coccometra AH Clark, 1908 -- 3 species
genus Thysanometra AH Clark, 1907  -- 2 species
unassigned
genus Adelometra AH Clark, 1907 -- 1 species
genus Anisometra John, 1939 -- 1 species
genus Athrypsometra Messing & White, 2001 -- 4 species
genus Balanometra Clark, 1909 -- 1 species
genus Caryometra AH Clark, 1936 -- 6 species
genus Cyclometra AH Clark, 1911 -- 2 species
genus Eometra Clark, 1936 -- 2 species
genus Eumorphometra Clark, 1915 -- 5 species
genus Hybometra AH Clark, 1913 -- 1 species
genus Kempometra John, 1938 -- 1 species
genus Leptometra AH Clark, 1908 -- 2 species
genus Microcomatula AH Clark, 1918 -- 1 species
genus Poliometra AH Clark, 1923 -- 1 species
genus Promachocrinus Carpenter, 1879 -- 1 species
genus Solanometra Clark, 1911  -- 1 species


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Hum Lug-Gornja Stubica railway, officially designated as the L202 railway, is a 10.823 km (6.725 mi) railway line of local significance in Croatia that connects corridor's east terminus Gornja Stubica, along with the halts Donja Stubica, Stubičke Toplice and Oroslavje, with the R201 railway corridor (Zaprešić-Čakovec) in Hum Lug.
The line, opened in 1916 in former Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia (present-day Croatia), is single-tracked and non-electrified. Trains that operate on this line have their 17 minutes run (according to current schedule) between stations Gornja Stubica and Zabok, using the corridor R201 for about 2 kilometers between Hum Lug and Zabok, where connections with the trains running on R201 and L203 (Zabok-Krapina-Đurmanec-state border) corridors are made. The most recent reconstruction of this corridor took place in the mid-2000s, which resulted in increasing of maximum operating speed for passenger trains to 60 km/h and reducing of riding time on the entire route.Introduction of diesel-motor trains on the route began in the 1980s and from the early 1990's they have been operating passenger services exclusively, replacing compositions made of two-axle cars powered by steam and later diesel locomotives. Excursion trains operate a couple of times a year as a transport for local manifestations along the line.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Harold Irwin Kaplan (October 1, 1927; January 15, 1998) was a psychiatrist and founding editor of the Comprehensive Textbook of Psychiatry.


== Biography ==
Kaplan received his BA degree from New York University.  In 1949, at age 21, he received his Doctorate in Medicine from New York Medical College.
During his medical career, Kaplan was Professor of Psychiatry at the NYU School of Medicine.  He was also an Attending Psychiatrist at Bellevue Hospital, Lenox Hill Hospital, and NYU Langone Medical Center.
Kaplan was a Life Fellow of the American Psychiatric Association, the American College of Physicians, and the New York Academy of Medicine.  He helped found the NYU-Bellevue Psychiatric Association of New York.


== Personal life and death ==
From 1953 to 1968 he was married to sex therapist Helen Singer Kaplan. He was also married to Nancy Barrett. Kaplan died on January 15, 1998. He is survived by his children Phillip, Peter, and Jennifer in addition to his grandchildren Alexander and Wildon.


== Works ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Orlando "Q" Rodriguez (born September 13, 1947) is an American rock and jazz percussionist based in New York City. He appeared on the album Live at the House of Tribes by Wynton Marsalis in 2005.
He began his career as a teenager during the early 1960s, playing with Dennis Davis, Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee, Rene McLean, Jackie McLean, Louie Ramirez, and Rod Rogers in Slugs nightclub in New York City. Salsa singer Ismael Miranda was in his first bands with Rodriguez and pianist Mark Diamond.
He has worked with Ashford & Simpson, Walter Becker, Warren Benbow, James Brown, Teddy Charles, Ben E. King, Gloria Lynn, Donald Fagen, Jerry Freidman, Kathie Lee Gifford, Paul Griffin, Jay and the Americans, Aaron Neville, Ralfi Pagan, Victor Paz, Elliott Randall, Max Roach, Barry Rogers, Sam & Dave, Bill Saxton, Paul Shaffer, Frankie Valli, Kenny Vance, Nancy Wilson, and Sam Wooding.


== Discography ==


=== As sideman ===
Kathie Lee Gifford. Heart of a Woman (Universal)
Wynton Marsalis. Live at The House of Tribes  (Blue Note)
Kenny Vance. "What a Wonderful world" "Vance 32" 1975 (Collectables)
Ralfi Pagan. Make it with you "Legend" (Aries Music)
Jay and the Americans. Keeping the Music Alive (Rockaway)
Ralpe Roig y Su Orquesta. Oyelo Sonar (MGM)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Vila Aurora is a train station on CPTM Line 7-Ruby, in the district of Jaraguá in São Paulo.


== History ==
Because of the 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) distance between Jaraguá and Perus stations, the Prefecture of São Paulo suggested to the State Government the construction of Vila Aurora station between them in the Director Plan of the Subprefecture of Pirituba.After a brief start, the construction was put on hold in 2010 because of disagreements between CPTM and consortium companies, which quit the construction. The work was resumed in the end of 2010 by the Heleno & Fonseca Construtécnica S/A consortium, which place second in the bidding, by the cost of R$ 26,000,000 (US$ 15,542,535.31). After more delays, the station was opened on 9 September 2013, by the cost of R$ 40,300,000 (US$ 18,691,249.37), above the original budget.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Yevgeny Yuryevich Drattsev (also Evgeny Drattsev, Russian: Евгений Юрьевич Дратцев; born 24 January 1983) is a Russian swimmer, who specialized in open water marathon.
He is considered one of the fastest professional open water swimmers in the world, finishing near the top of FINA World Cup races for the 10 km marathon. He also won two medals (silver and bronze) for the 5 and 10 km open water marathon at the 2007 FINA World Championships in Melbourne, Australia.


== Biography ==
Drattsev qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, after placing fifth from the FINA World Open Water Swimming Championships in Seville, Spain. He swam in the first ever men's 10 km open water marathon, against a field of 24 other competitors, including former pool swimmers Petar Stoychev of Bulgaria and Thomas Lurz of Germany, and his teammate Vladimir Dyatchin. Drattsev finished the race in fifth place, with a time of 1:52:08.9, approximately seventeen seconds behind winner Maarten van der Weijden of the Netherlands.At the 2009 FINA World Championships in Rome, Italy, Drattsev displayed a poor performance in the open water marathon, when he finished fifth in the 5 km, and twelfth in the 10 km. The following year, he recaptured his success by winning two silver medals for the same categories at the 2010 FINA World Open Water Swimming Championships in Roberval, Quebec, Canada. He also reinforced his lead in the FINA 10 km Marathon Swimming World Cup circuit, by reaching the top position in all eight meets of the series, including his first-place finish in Santos, Brazil. Drattsev continued his medal streak in the 10 km marathon by claiming the bronze at the 2010 European Aquatics Championships in Balatonfüred, Hungary, with a time of 1:54:26.6.In 2011, Drattsev won the gold medal at the third stage of FINA Open Water Swimming Grand Prix in Viedma, Argentina, with a time of 2:33:07, three seconds behind his teammate Sergey Bolshakov (2:33:10). Drattsev eventually qualified for the FINA World Championships in Shanghai, China, where he won the bronze medal in the men's 5 km marathon, with a time of 56:18.5, approximately one second behind Greece's Spyridon Gianniotis. He also achieved a fifth-place finish in the team trials, along with his fellow open water swimmers Sergey Bolshakov and Ekaterina Seliverstova.
In 2012, Drattsev decided to withdraw from the FINA Olympic Marathon Swim Qualifier, held in Setubal, Portugal, to focus on his competitive career for the FINA 10 km Marathon Swimming World Cup circuit. Although he did not win a single meet of these series, Drattsev was able to capture two bronze medals in Viedma, Argentina (second stage) and in Eilat, Israel (third stage).


== References ==


== External links ==
NBC Olympics Profile
<|endoftext|>
Inna Leonidivna Bordyuh (Ukrainian: Інна Леонідівна Бордюг, romanized: Inna Leonidivna Bordiuh, pronounced [ˈinːɐ leoˈn⁽ʲ⁾id⁽ʲ⁾iu̯nɐ borˈdʲuɦ]; born 12 January 1986), known professionally as Zlata Ognevich (Ukrainian: Злата Огнєвіч, romanized: Zlata Ohnievich, pronounced [ˈzlɑtɐ ˈɔɦnʲewitʃ]), is a Ukrainian singer and former politician. She represented Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö with the song "Gravity", placing third. Ognevich previously attempted to represent Ukraine at the contest in 2010 and 2011.
In 2014, Ognevich was elected to the Verkhovna Rada for the Radical Party using her birth name Inna Bordyuh. She resigned from parliament after one year, citing her opposition to the corruption she had witnessed. She has been vocal in her support for Ukrainian forces during the pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, and announced she would not accept Russian citizenship following the annexation of Crimea, where Ognevich was raised.


== Early life ==
Ognevich was born in 1986 in Murmansk to Ukrainian parents; she is of Italian and Serbian descent; she has Italian ancestors on her mother's side and Serbian on her father's side. She grew up in the Crimean city of Sudak. At age 18, Ognevich moved to Kyiv, where she currently resides, to pursue a higher music education. Ognevich is a graduate of Kyiv's Rheingold M. Glière Music College. During her third year at Rheingold she began working with live bands and did her own promotional work.Ognevich in interviews has claimed she has lived in "many cities and countries".


== Musical career ==
Ognevich is a soloist of the Ensemble of Song and Dance of the Ukrainian Armed Forces.


=== 2010: Eurovision Song Contest 2010 ===
Ognevich made her first attempt to enter the Eurovision Song Contest with Ukraine. Her song was "Tiny Island" which finished fifth with 30 points.


=== 2010–2011: Eurovision Song Contest 2011 ===
In 2011, she made her second unsuccessful attempt to represent Ukraine in the contest. This time the song was in the Ukrainian language. Her song was "The Kukushka" which finished second.
Following complaints from viewers about the voting procedure in that years final, a new final was to be held on 3 March 2011, But after Jamala and Ognevich withdrew from this new final in the days before it was scheduled to be held, Mika Newton became the artist to represent Ukraine.


=== 2012–2014: Eurovision Song Contest 2013 and Junior Eurovision hosting ===

On 23 December 2012, Zlata made her third attempt to represent Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest, by entering the Ukrainian national selection Evrobachennya 2013 - Natsionalyni vidbir with the song "Gravity". After scoring maximum points from both the jury and televote, Ognevich won the right to represent Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden.At the competition, Ukraine qualified from the first semi-final on 14 May 2013, placing 3rd in a field of 16 songs and scoring 140 points. In the final, Ognevich and "Gravity" placed 3rd, scoring 214 points and receiving 12 points from Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Croatia and Moldova.Ognevich hosted the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013 on 30 November along with Timur Miroshnychenko. Ognevich announced the voting results from Ukraine during the Eurovision Song Contest 2014. In August 2014, Ognevich released her own version of Ukraine's national anthem "Shche ne vmerla Ukraina".


== Political career ==
In the 26 October 2014 Ukrainian parliamentary election Ognevich was a candidate (as a non-partisan candidate she placed 4th on the party list) of Radical Party. According to Radical Party leader Oleh Lyashko, Ognevich was on the party list because "I understand that in the imagination of people a parliamentarian is jowly, paunchy, old, sick and stupid. I want in Parliament young, smart, beautiful". In the election her party won 22 seats and thus Ognevich was elected into parliament. In parliament she focused on cultural issues and copyright issues. Ognevich was present at 57% of all parliamentary sessions during her tenure in parliament.On 10 November 2015, Ognevich submitted a letter of resignation to parliament. In her resignation speech to parliament of the same day, she stated: "Now I see that when there is no culture it’s easier to rule and manipulate people. That’s why in these circumstances, as cultural activist, I’m not helpful to this parliament…". In the speech, she also accused her former colleagues of serving lobbyist interests and not the general public.


== Personal life ==
Five months after the March 2014 annexation of Crimea by Russia, Ognevich called the annexation "a very painful tragedy" and stated that her parents, who continue to live in Crimea, would not obtain Russian citizenship.During the 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine Ognevich and fellow Ukrainian singers Anastasia Prikhodko raised money for the 72nd Guards Mechanized Brigade.


== Discography ==


=== Singles ===


== Notes ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
House of Sand and Fog   is the original soundtrack album, on the Varèse Sarabande label, of the 2003 Academy Award and Golden Globe-nominated film House of Sand and Fog starring Jennifer Connelly, Ben Kingsley, Shohreh Aghdashloo and Ron Eldard. The original score was composed by James Horner.
The album was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.


== Track listing ==


== References ==


== External links ==
House of Sand and Fog Soundtrack Review in BBC
House Of Sand And Fog; 2003 Academy Award nominee for Best Original Score
House of Sand and Fog (James Horner) Soundtrack Review
Filmtracks: House of Sand and Fog (James Horner)
<|endoftext|>
In applied mathematics, in particular the context of nonlinear system analysis, a phase plane is a visual display of certain characteristics of certain kinds of differential equations; a coordinate plane with axes being the values of the two state variables, say (x, y), or (q, p) etc. (any pair of variables). It is a two-dimensional case of the general n-dimensional phase space.
The phase plane method refers to graphically determining the existence of limit cycles in the solutions of the differential equation.
The solutions to the differential equation are a family of functions. Graphically, this can be plotted in the phase plane like a two-dimensional vector field. Vectors representing the derivatives of the points with respect to a parameter (say time t), that is (dx/dt, dy/dt), at representative points are drawn. With enough of these arrows in place the system behaviour over the regions of plane in analysis can be visualized and limit cycles can be easily identified.
The entire field is the phase portrait, a particular path taken along a flow line (i.e. a path always tangent to the vectors) is a phase path. The flows in the vector field indicate the time-evolution of the system the differential equation describes.
In this way, phase planes are useful in visualizing the behaviour of physical systems; in particular, of oscillatory systems such as predator-prey models (see Lotka–Volterra equations).  In these models the phase paths can "spiral in" towards zero, "spiral out" towards infinity, or reach neutrally stable situations called centres where the path traced out can be either circular, elliptical, or ovoid, or some variant thereof. This is useful in determining if the dynamics are stable or not.Other examples of oscillatory systems are certain chemical reactions with multiple steps, some of which involve dynamic equilibria rather than reactions that go to completion. In such cases one can model the rise and fall of reactant and product concentration (or mass, or amount of substance) with the correct differential equations and a good understanding of chemical kinetics.


== Example of a linear system ==
A two-dimensional system of linear differential equations can be written in the form:

  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                
                  
                    
                      d
                      x
                    
                    
                      d
                      t
                    
                  
                
              
              
                
                =
                A
                x
                +
                B
                y
              
            
            
              
                
                  
                    
                      d
                      y
                    
                    
                      d
                      t
                    
                  
                
              
              
                
                =
                C
                x
                +
                D
                y
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\begin{aligned}{\frac {dx}{dt}}&=Ax+By\\{\frac {dy}{dt}}&=Cx+Dy\end{aligned}}}
  which can be organized into a matrix equation:

  
    
      
        
          
            
              
              
                
                  
                    d
                    
                      d
                      t
                    
                  
                
                
                  
                    (
                    
                      
                        
                          x
                        
                      
                      
                        
                          y
                        
                      
                    
                    )
                  
                
                =
                
                  
                    (
                    
                      
                        
                          A
                        
                        
                          B
                        
                      
                      
                        
                          C
                        
                        
                          D
                        
                      
                    
                    )
                  
                
                
                  
                    (
                    
                      
                        
                          x
                        
                      
                      
                        
                          y
                        
                      
                    
                    )
                  
                
              
            
            
              
              
                
                  
                    
                      d
                      
                        v
                      
                    
                    
                      d
                      t
                    
                  
                
                =
                
                  A
                
                
                  v
                
                .
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\begin{aligned}&{\frac {d}{dt}}{\begin{pmatrix}x\\y\\\end{pmatrix}}={\begin{pmatrix}A&B\\C&D\\\end{pmatrix}}{\begin{pmatrix}x\\y\\\end{pmatrix}}\\&{\frac {d\mathbf {v} }{dt}}=\mathbf {A} \mathbf {v} .\end{aligned}}}
  where A is the 2 × 2 coefficient matrix above, and v = (x, y) is a coordinate vector of two independent variables.
Such systems may be solved analytically, for this case by integrating:
  
    
      
        
          
            
              d
              y
            
            
              d
              x
            
          
        
        =
        
          
            
              C
              x
              +
              D
              y
            
            
              A
              x
              +
              B
              y
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\frac {dy}{dx}}={\frac {Cx+Dy}{Ax+By}}}
  
although the solutions are implicit functions in x and y, and are difficult to interpret.


=== Solving using eigenvalues ===
More commonly they are solved with the coefficients of the right hand side written in matrix form using eigenvalues λ, given by the determinant:

  
    
      
        det
        (
        
          
            (
            
              
                
                  A
                
                
                  B
                
              
              
                
                  C
                
                
                  D
                
              
            
            )
          
        
        −
        λ
        
          I
        
        )
        =
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle \det({\begin{pmatrix}A&B\\C&D\\\end{pmatrix}}-\lambda \mathbf {I} )=0}
  and eigenvectors:

  
    
      
        
          
            (
            
              
                
                  A
                
                
                  B
                
              
              
                
                  C
                
                
                  D
                
              
            
            )
          
        
        
          x
        
        =
        λ
        
          x
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\begin{pmatrix}A&B\\C&D\\\end{pmatrix}}\mathbf {x} =\lambda \mathbf {x} }
  The eigenvalues represent the powers of the exponential components and the eigenvectors are coefficients.  If the solutions are written in algebraic form, they express the fundamental multiplicative factor of the exponential term. Due to the nonuniqueness of eigenvectors, every solution arrived at in this way has undetermined constants c1, c2, ... cn.
The general solution is:

  
    
      
        x
        =
        
          
            [
            
              
                
                  
                    k
                    
                      1
                    
                  
                
              
              
                
                  
                    k
                    
                      2
                    
                  
                
              
            
            ]
          
        
        
          c
          
            1
          
        
        
          e
          
            
              λ
              
                1
              
            
            t
          
        
        +
        
          
            [
            
              
                
                  
                    k
                    
                      3
                    
                  
                
              
              
                
                  
                    k
                    
                      4
                    
                  
                
              
            
            ]
          
        
        
          c
          
            2
          
        
        
          e
          
            
              λ
              
                2
              
            
            t
          
        
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle x={\begin{bmatrix}k_{1}\\k_{2}\end{bmatrix}}c_{1}e^{\lambda _{1}t}+{\begin{bmatrix}k_{3}\\k_{4}\end{bmatrix}}c_{2}e^{\lambda _{2}t}.}
  where λ1 and λ2 are the eigenvalues, and (k1, k2), (k3, k4) are the basic eigenvectors. The constants c1 and c2 account for the nonuniqueness of eigenvectors and are not solvable unless an initial condition is given for the system.
The above determinant leads to the characteristic polynomial:

  
    
      
        
          λ
          
            2
          
        
        −
        (
        A
        +
        D
        )
        λ
        +
        (
        A
        D
        −
        B
        C
        )
        =
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle \lambda ^{2}-(A+D)\lambda +(AD-BC)=0}
  which is just a quadratic equation of the form:

  
    
      
        
          λ
          
            2
          
        
        −
        p
        λ
        +
        q
        =
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle \lambda ^{2}-p\lambda +q=0}
  where;

  
    
      
        p
        =
        A
        +
        D
        =
        
          t
          r
        
        (
        
          A
        
        )
        
        ,
      
    
    {\displaystyle p=A+D=\mathrm {tr} (\mathbf {A} )\,,}
  ("tr" denotes trace) and

  
    
      
        q
        =
        A
        D
        −
        B
        C
        =
        det
        (
        
          A
        
        )
        
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle q=AD-BC=\det(\mathbf {A} )\,.}
  The explicit solution of the eigenvalues are then given by the quadratic formula:

  
    
      
        λ
        =
        
          
            1
            2
          
        
        (
        p
        ±
        
          
            Δ
          
        
        )
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \lambda ={\frac {1}{2}}(p\pm {\sqrt {\Delta }})\,}
  where

  
    
      
        Δ
        =
        
          p
          
            2
          
        
        −
        4
        q
        
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta =p^{2}-4q\,.}
  


=== Eigenvectors and nodes ===
The eigenvectors and nodes determine the profile of the phase paths, providing a pictorial interpretation of the solution to the dynamical system, as shown next.

The phase plane is then first set-up by drawing straight lines representing the two eigenvectors (which represent stable situations where the system either converges towards those lines or diverges away from them). Then the phase plane is plotted by using full lines instead of direction field dashes. The signs of the eigenvalues indicate the phase plane's behaviour:

If the signs are opposite, the intersection of the eigenvectors is a saddle point.
If the signs are both positive, the eigenvectors represent stable situations that the system diverges away from, and the intersection is an unstable node.
If the signs are both negative, the eigenvectors represent stable situations that the system converges towards, and the intersection is a stable node.The above can be visualized by recalling the behaviour of exponential terms in differential equation solutions.


=== Repeated eigenvalues ===
This example covers only the case for real, separate eigenvalues. Real, repeated eigenvalues require solving the coefficient matrix with an unknown vector and the first eigenvector to generate the second solution of a two-by-two system. However, if the matrix is symmetric, it is possible to use the orthogonal eigenvector to generate the second solution.


=== Complex eigenvalues ===
Complex eigenvalues and eigenvectors generate solutions in the form of sines and cosines as well as exponentials. One of the simplicities in this situation is that only one of the eigenvalues and one of the eigenvectors is needed to generate the full solution set for the system.


== See also ==
Phase line, 1-dimensional case
Phase space, n-dimensional case
Phase portrait


== References ==


== External links ==
Lamar University, Online Math Notes - Phase Plane, P. Dawkins
Lamar University, Online Math Notes - Systems of Differential Equations, P. Dawkins
Overview of the phase plane method
<|endoftext|>
The Harbour line is a branch line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway operated by Central Railway. It was named so because it catered to the eastern neighbourhoods along the city's natural harbour. Its termini are Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus (CSMT), Andheri/Goregaon and Panvel on the CSMT-Goregaon, CSMT-Panvel and Panvel-Andheri routes.
The line is a double line and therefore does not have any fast trains on it. The line runs parallel to the Central Railway line till just before Sandhurst Road station where the line turns eastward and runs elevated up till Sewri. At Wadala Road, the line branches into two. The first line joins with the Western line at Mahim and terminates at Goregaon. The second line follows through Mankhurd into the city of Navi Mumbai, where it again branches out into two lines, one going to Thane and the other to Panvel. The first stop outside Mumbai is the township of Vashi.
The stations in Navi Mumbai are well maintained and beautifully designed by CIDCO. There are IT offices above the stations. The Railbridge connecting Vashi and Mankhurd railway stations running over Thane creek, parallel to the road bridge has brought Navi Mumbai closer to Mumbai, boosting the development of the region.
About 580 services run daily on the Harbour line. Approximately 208 of those are on the Thane-Vashi-Nerul-Panvel route and 172 of those run on the CSMT-Andheri route.


== History ==
The first section of the line, between Kurla and Reay Road, opened on 12 December 1910. In 1925, the line was connected to the then Victoria Terminus via an elevated rail corridor between Dockyard Road and Sandhurst Road. Suburban services to Mankhurd began in 1951.
Later, the line was extended from Mankhurd to serve most of Navi Mumbai through the suburban rail network via The Mankhurd–Belapur–Panvel rail corridor was commissioned in phases in the 1990s. Vashi was connected in May 1992, Nerul in February 1993, Belapur in June 1993 and Panvel in June 1998. The corridor was converted to double line in April, 2000.In 2004, the Trans-Harbour line was opened to the public. The line directly connected Vashi to Thane. This proved to be a boon for commuters of the two stations, who, until then, had to take a circuitous route via Mumbai city and had to change trains at Kurla.
The last direct current (DC) suburban local train ran on the Harbour line on 10 April 2016. The special train left Kurla at 11:30 pm and reached CSMT at 12:15 am. The iconic yellow-and-maroon DC local trains had their first service on 3 February 1925, when the first electric local ran between CSMT and Kurla ran on the Harbour line. The tickets for the last service were priced at ₹10,000 (US$140), with the proceeds to be donated to drought-affected regions of Maharashtra. The Indian Express reported that not a single ticket was sold. After the last DC service ran, Central Railway officially announced the completion of DC to AC conversion on the Harbour line.On 4 September 2016, the last 9 car train was put into a sunset as all the trains were converted to 12 coach, which increases the carrying capacity of the line by 33%.


== Stations ==
(All Harbour line services are slow, which means they halt at all passing by stations.)

At Wadala Road, the Harbour line splits into two corridors, one going to Panvel and the other to Andheri.
The exact split occurs 800 metres north of Wadala Road station, at a location known as Ravli (variously spelled as Raoli, Ravali or Rawli) corresponding to the nearby Ravli slum. There is no railway station at Ravli Junction. However, due to the critical Ravli Junction Yard signal box, there are various public references to this name in news articles and other sources.


=== Towards Panvel ===


=== Towards Andheri–Goregaon–Borivali ===


== Future development ==
Work is completed up to Goregaon. The project will cost ₹103 crore (US$14 million). Service is started as on 29 March 2018. Further extension of this line has been accepted under MUTP III till Borivali.


=== Kurla–Shivajinagar service ===
CR has sought permission from the Railway Board to run EMUs on the Harbour line between Kurla and Shivajinagar in Pune. The service would provide direct connectivity between Navi Mumbai and Pune, which is currently not available. EMUs will be modified to include six motor cars.
CR plans to use 16 coach mail/express trains to cover the 170 km distance in approximately 2 hours and 50 minutes. Stations on the line will be Kurla, Vashi, Belapur, Panvel, Karjat, Lonavla and Shivajinagar.


== See also ==
Mumbai Suburban Railway
List of Mumbai Suburban Railway stations
CST–Panvel Fast Corridor
Central Railway


== References ==


== External links ==
Harbour line timetable (November 2016)
All about Travelling in Mumbai, including Harbour Railway, Local Train Timetable
HARBOUR Railway local Train Timetable
<|endoftext|>
Vicha Ratanapakdee (Thai: วิชา รัตนภักดี, RTGS: Wicha Rattanaphakdi; 1936– January 28, 2021) was a Thai American man who died after being forcefully pushed to the ground in a daylight attack in San Francisco, California.


== Assault ==
Ratanapakdee was walking in the Anza Vista neighbourhood of San Francisco on the morning of January 28 when an African-American man ran across the street and violently shoved him to the ground. Ratanapakdee hit his head in the fall and died shortly after arrival in the hospital. The assault was captured on a CCTV camera across the street.


== Suspects ==
Two days after the assault, Antoine Watson, a 19-year-old man from Daly City, California, was arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon, elder abuse and murder. Watson pled not guilty.Malaysia Goo, a 20-year-old woman from Daly City, was also arrested as an accessory after the fact.


== Personal life ==
Ratanapakdee was born in Thailand (then known as Siam) in 1936, before emigrating to the United States.


== Responses ==
Ratanapakdee's family has expressed the belief that the death was motivated by racism. Ratanapakdee's death took place in the context of what some describe as a broader wave of racially motivated attacks on Asian-Americans in the Bay Area and other parts of the nation. Some authors have mentioned tensions between African-Americans and Asian-Americans as a result of this case and several others.The Thai Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a warning to all Thais living in the United States to be alert against racially motivated hate crimes.San Francisco District Attorney Chesa Boudin called the crime "heinous" but thought, according to the evidence, that the attack wasn't racially motivated, stating that "the defendant was in some sort of a temper tantrum." The family of Ratanapakdee expressed outrage over the characterization of the attack as a "temper tantrum", finding the comments to be disheartening and inappropriate for the severity of the crime. Boudin later clarified his comments, stating that he was referring to the perpetrator's conduct before the crime. According to the family, Boudin had planned to participate in a vigil for Ratanapakdee, but did not show up after the family told him they were not interested in taking pictures or videos with him.


== See also ==
Murder of Ee Lee – murder of a Hmong-American woman in Wisconsin in 2020
Murder of Mohammad Anwar - murder of a Pakistani-American man in DC in 2021
Murder of Vincent Chin – murder of a Chinese-American man in Michigan in 1982
Stop AAPI Hate – non-profit formed in response to racist attacks on the AAPI community as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Josée Forest-Niesing (born December 18, 1964) is a Canadian lawyer and politician, who was appointed to the Senate of Canada in October 2018.A trial lawyer from Sudbury, Ontario, she has served on the boards of the Art Gallery of Sudbury, the Carrefour Francophone de Sudbury, the University of Sudbury and the Ontario Arts Council.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The 2018 ASEAN Women's T20 Open Tournament was a women's Twenty20 (T20) cricket tournament held in Thailand from 6 to 13 March 2018. The six participating teams were the women's national sides of Bhutan, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Tanzania and hosts Thailand. The matches were all played at the Terdthai Cricket Ground in Bangkok. Matches did not have Twenty20 International status, as the tournament was played a few months before the International Cricket Council's decision to grant full Twenty20 International status to all its members came into effect from 1 July 2018 for women's teams.The hosts won the round-robin tournament with a perfect record of five wins from five matches, while Tanzania finished as runners-up.


== Squads ==


== Points table ==


== Matches ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
<|endoftext|>
James Nesbitt (22 September 1913 – October 1992) was a British athlete. He competed in the men's discus throw at the 1948 Summer Olympics.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Fishmans (Japanese: フィッシュマンズ, Hepburn: Fisshumanzu) were a Japanese band formed in 1987 in Minato, Tokyo. They are known for their unique psychedelic sound and the distinctive vocals of the late lead singer Shinji Sato, as well as the drum playing of Kin-Ichi Motegi and rocksteady basslines of Yuzuru Kashiwabara. Fishmans remained relatively underground and disbanded with the sudden death of Shinji Sato in 1999, but later accumulated an international cult following largely driven by their popular acclaim on internet discussion boards. In a 2019 article for The Japan Times, James Hadfield wrote that their albums Aerial Camp and Long Season "are now undisputed landmarks in the Japanese rock canon."Shinji's emotional final show (98.12.28 男達の別れ) is listed as the greatest live album of all time by RateYourMusic.com.


== History ==


=== 1987–1995: Early years ===
In the early summer of 1987 in Minato, Tokyo Fishmans would be formed by founding members Shinji Sato (vocals, guitar, trumpet), Kin-Ichi Motegi (drums, vocals, sampler), and Kensuke Ojima (guitar and vocals) out of Meiji Gakuin University. The group's first demo would be presented the same year, entitled Blue Summer by Sato, remaining incomplete to this day. In May 1988, Fishmans would begin performing live in small venues in Tokyo, and bassist Yuzuru Kashiwabara would join their ranks in August of the same year. Their first recorded appearance was on the 1989 compilation Panic Paradise where two of their earliest songs make an appearance among four other ska-punk groups. In March 1990, keyboardist Hakase-Sun would join the band for their first solo live performance at Shibuya La.mama. In October of the same year, Virgin Records Japan (which would later be renamed to Media Remoras) would approach Fishmans with a record deal, which they promptly accepted. In November, Hakase-Sun officially joined the band, completing the band's original lineup before their first performance at Shibuya Club Quattro in March 1991. Roughly two years after their appearance on Panic Paradise, their first album Chappie Don't Cry was released, produced by musician Kazufumi Kodama. This followed the April 21 release of single Hikoki (ひこうき), the first of the band's numerous singles. Mr. Kodama had previous fame with the founding of influential Japanese dub group Mute Beat, and his pitch to create Chappie Don't Cry with Fishmans was simply stating to the group "let's make a rocksteady album". After the record, Kodama would no longer appear on any Fishmans project, leaving the record to live on as their most straightforward reggae outing in their discography by many fans. Producer ZAK would make his first of many appearances with Fishmans for a live concert performed that year in June, marking the beginning of a long collaborative history between him and band writer Sato.
Later the same year, Fishmans' self-produced first EP Corduroy's Mood would be released. The record was a profoundly more shibuya-kei take on reggae than their previous music, allowing the band to better experiment and brainstorm more complex compositions. The project was meant to express "a feeling of winter" within its four track runtime, and bears an only faint resemblance to their first LP due to its experimental nature. The band quickly developed a very easy-going sound (mainly influenced by reggae and dub, but also including elements of rock, pop, drum and bass, hip hop, ska, etc.), which was always coupled with Sato's distinctive androgynous vocals, slowly earning them significant acceptance in Japan's underground scene.
In 1992, the Japanese broadcasting company Fuji TV approached the group to write a theme song for television show 90 Days Totenam Pub (90日間トテナムパブ), and in response the band produced the first of many renditions of 100mm-Chottono (100ミリちょっとの). The song aired on the program as an opener from January to March of that year, and the group released the track as a single on February 5.From May to June 1992, Fishmans recorded with Japanese musician Haruo Kubota. Not much is known of these attempts to record, however it is known that after a night of getting drunk on sake, Kubota called the group to record in the studio in the middle of the night, causing significant confusion and embarrassment within the band members. This marked the end of the group's relations with the musician as they released their second album on October 21, King Master George. The record took a much more experimental direction with their sound, featuring everything from jazz rock to sunshine pop, throwing multiple styles to the wall to see what sticks. This included a reimagined version of 100ミリちょっとの, as well as introducing newer classics like Nantettano (なんてったの) and Tayorinai Tenshi (頼りない天使). Despite this experimentation, Fishmans always succeeded in avoiding Reggae cliches, keeping a Dub foundation powered by Motegi and Kashiwabara's rock-steady rhythm section.
The following year in 1993, Fishmans collaborated with ZAK in the studio for the first time to release Walkin' on February 19th. This was to much acclaim, which led the producer to continue working with them in another recording session in May. Multiple others would follow as the band worked to create their following single Ikareta Baby (いかれたBaby), a shockingly popular song that pushed the group to significant radio play at release, becoming their first breakout song. Naturally, this led to more collaborations with ZAK and the release of their third LP Neo Yankees' Holiday, including both aforementioned tracks, as well as the classic Smilin' Days, Summer Holiday. The record cemented Fishmans' sound in a distinctly dub style, tinged with pleasant melodies and mellow sounds throughout. The band would follow the release of this record with many live performances, including appearances at Shibuya Parco, Shinsaibashi Club Quattro, and Nissin Power Station. They would proceed to tour around Tokyo from November 1 until the end of the year, changing their sound to approach a more rock-laiden style in preparation for the release of a fourth album.
On February 2, 1994, Fishmans released their maxi-single Go Go Round This World!, furthering the sound achieved on Neo Yankees' Holiday towards a more funk oriented direction. The single included a popular alternate mix of Smilin' Days, Summer Holiday that transformed the laid-back dub track into an energetic and bombastic jam that foreshadowed the sensibilities coming in their next album. This time of rapid maturation led to guitarist Kensuke Ojima leaving the group in May of that year, letting the band of four continue without him. Despite this sudden departure, the group released their second maxi-single on June 17 entitled Melody, a groovy piano-based production that served as one of Fishmans' most important singles going forward. The maxi-single also marked the first time Fishmans printed any of their material on vinyl as well as CD, the single being printed on 12" analogue vinyl in a limited quantity of 1000 to be offered only at live venues. After this release, the group managed to recruit Buffalo Daughter guitarist suGar Yoshinaga for further recording intended for their next album. On October 21, single My Life and new album Orange were released simultaneously, taking the group towards a more defined funk rock sound, along with a newly redefined version of Melody. Certain tracks on the release, such as Way Home (帰り道) foreshadowed their turn towards dream pop which would follow in the later 90s. These advancements in musical style would only advance further with the coming of 1995, showing the group's versatility in sound.


=== 1995–1998: Aerial Camp, Long Season, and Uchu Nippon Setagaya ===
On March 17, 1995, Fishmans released their first live album Oh! Mountain following a five-city tour in celebration of Orange's release. The album isn't a "true live" album however, as much of the content presented was remixed by ZAK in studio to improve sound quality and add interesting sounds to create a unique home listening experience. The recordings included on the album originated from a total of 11 different concerts.
It was the spring after the release of Oh! Mountain that Fishmans signed with Polydor Records. Polydor had supplied the group with their own recording studio, Waikiki Beach, where they began recording new material in August. That September, a celebratory live concert titled "Let's Polydor" was held to encourage the move away from Media Remoras. Unfortunately, Hakase-Sun was to leave the group immediately following this concert, and the resulting trio would work with a series of guest musicians on their next records, primarily Honzi (keyboards, violin, accordion and vocals) of A Decade-In Fake (later Honzi's World) and Shinya Kogure (guitar) of Hicksville. The further solidification of ZAK on sound mixing rounded out this second phase of the band, which further evolved its sound to incorporate space rock, ambient and psychedelic elements. Song length and scope continued to grow as well, as these new tendencies blended with their dub foundation. Following this significant lineup change, Fishmans released what is possibly the band's most recognizable single, "Nightcruising (ﾅｲﾄｸﾙｰｼﾞﾝｸﾞ)" on November 25. The song was a sudden yet welcome shift towards dream pop, serving as an introduction to what would become their next studio album.
On February 1, 1996, Fishmans would release their fifth studio album Aerial Camp (空中キャンプ), which readily flaunted a more stripped down, tight production quality. Producer ZAK and writer Sato would often work together on the record to create songs that were more stripped down to their most basic elements, instead of flooding them with lush backgrounds, which contributed to a simpler, cleaner and more crisp output. This, along with the group's much more mature dream pop sensibilities helped to cement the group as a serious, legitimate rock act in the wider world stage. This would become a consistent style of Fishmans' music for the remainder of their career, further separating them from their earlier days of simple reggae music. The album was also printed on limited edition colored vinyl, making this the first of Fishmans' albums to be printed on vinyl records. In celebration of a successful album release, the group embarked on a 10-show tour titled Young But Historical (若いながらも歴史あり) which would much later be printed on DVD video. During these tours, support guitarist Michigo "Darts" Sekiguchi would agree to permanently accompany Fishmans for support during the remainder of their career. Following this on March 27, Fishmans released the mellow, yet popular single Baby Blue from Aerial Camp which reminded of Fishmans' more sensible, soft side contrasting with their new dream pop sound.
Despite their relatively wide success, Sato and company found it attractive to experiment with alternative sounds and projects they had never attempted before. Starting in July, the band began to record standalone single Season to tease their upcoming full-length LP Long Season, a 35-minute-long epic based heavily on Season divided into five parts. The group finished in August, however Season was only released on September 25 and its accompanying album on October 25. Recorded in their Waikiki Beach private studio, the lyrics and melodies presented on the album are intended to be incredibly personal to Sato and to present a dreamlike musical experience. This would ultimately become their most recognizable studio album among underground music communities for its experimentation and truly unique structure. On underground music community Rate Your Music as of April 11, 2019, Long Season has been user-rated as the best neo-psychedelia album of all time, as well as the second best dream pop album of all time and second best progressive pop album of all time. Following the album's release, Fishmans performed the song live on its own for the first time, and with every consecutive performance of the song, the band intended to change the composition so that it would never be played the same twice. Towards the year's end, Fishmans played in Kobe, Nagoya and Tokyo for a new tour entitled LONG SEASON '96～'97.
Through February to June 1997, Fishmans would consistently record new material in their Waikiki Beach studio, making this the longest continuous period of time they spent actively recording. At a very early stage during these recordings, the group began recording with music software Pro Tools, completing their new material entirely within the program. On July 2, their single Magic Love was released to tease their next project, coupled with a b-side remixed by Hiroshi Kawabe of Tokyo No. 1 Soul Set fame. Fishmans had been growing a friendship with the group, and this remix solidified that relationship between the two bands.
Their final studio project, Uchū Nippon Setagaya (宇宙 日本 世田谷), was released on July 24 and took the group in a much more ambient pop direction than their previous LPs. Lyrically, the album focused on personal everyday life while retaining a wide worldview that inspired the title of the record, steadily magnifying from space, down to Japan, and down to the city of Setagaya. The album included single Magic Love, as well as standout tracks Walking in the Rhythm, Weather Report and others, pushing much of the record to stand out as a classic in their discography. To coincide with the album's release, a tour entitled Uchu Nippon Okudaism (宇宙 日本 奥田イズム) was conducted, which included twelve shows across Japan.
The four-track remix maxi-single Walking in the Rhythm was also released on October 22, showing the group's prowess in revitalizing their compositions in new and interesting ways, as well as the group's fondness for that particular song. This was followed by the Walking In The 奥田イズム tour through Osaka, Nagoya and Tokyo, one such full concert (conducted on December 12) being broadcast in full by Japanese music television program Space Shower TV on February 22, 1998. Fishmans proceeded to make numerous appearances on Space Shower TV throughout 1998, after which in 2007 three "episodes" were released on DVD cataloging their complete broadcasts on the program. These mostly consisted of a multitude of rare live concerts and interviews, as well as a full music video for Long Season on Episode 2 and a half-hour long live dub mix of Walking in the Rhythm and It's Just A Feeling on Episode 3.Beginning at the start of the year, the group began organizing a new live album after their 1997 live performances at their private studio, as well as at Polydor's studios. Meanwhile, in March, the group performed in concert again at four locations in Japan in their Bass Bash (低音バッシュ) tour. Their live album was completed in May and released on August 19, titled The Current Situation In August (8月の現状), a remixed and newly produced compilation of Fishmans' best live performances from 1996 to 1998. This style of remixed live performances bore significant resemblance to their previous live output Oh! Mountain, leaving the two albums to be easily compared as sibling releases. A tour was conducted by the same name in August to coincide with the live album's release, concluding on October 10 at Hibiya Open-Air Concert Hall which included a complete performance of unreleased song A Piece of Future, a song that seemed to foreshadow a turn towards post-rock for the band.
In July of that year, the band began work on a longer length, new song titled Flickering in the Air (ゆらめき in the Air), a 13-minute long movement not found on any studio album of theirs, although taking the same sonic style as their previous LP Uchu Nippon Setagaya. This long-form song structure was in similar fashion to their previous LP Long Season, although not nearly on the same grandiose scale. Following the single's December 2 release, however, band member Yuzuru Kashiwabara expressed disinterest in continuing his musical career, electing to leave the band with the coming of the new year.


=== 1998–2004: Otokotachi no Wakare, death of Sato, and disbandment ===
In December 1998, Fishmans held five concerts for the Man's Farewell Tour (男達の別れツアー) to grant bass player Kashiwabara a last hurrah with the group. The tour concluded with two back-to-back shows, one on December 27 and the other on the 28th, both performed at Akasaka BLITZ in Minato.
Fishmans performed their final concert on December 28, 1998. That night, they played many of their most widely acclaimed songs and concluded with a full performance of Long Season.  This was to be Kashiwabara's final performance with the band, and Sato with Motegi planned to continue working as Fishmans.  However, tragedy struck the band on March 15, 1999 when Sato suddenly died. Fishmans' last concert was released as the live album 98.12.28 Otokotachi no Wakare on September 29, 1999. It has gone on to receive strong critical and fan praise; on Rate Your Music (as of September 2020), 98.12.28 has been user-rated as the best live album of all time, with nearly 8000 individual ratings.The passing of Sato was so sudden that Polydor, their record label had already prematurely scheduled the release of two compilation releases for only two days after his death. Fishmans 1991–1994 Singles & More, a compilation of Media Remoras-era releases was released on March 17, as well as The Three Birds and More Feelings, a collection of the band's PVs on VHS (later re-pressed on DVD) recorded by Kensuke Kawamura.
Later in the year on June 30, the compilation album Aloha Polydor was released, featuring many of Fishmans' Polydor-era songs as well as an unreleased demo of It's Just A Feeling (それはただの気分さ), a song Fishmans had been working on at the time of Sato's death. The following month, Motegi was supported by Kashiwabara, Honzi, Darts, as well as former members Hakase-Sun and Kensuke Ojima on a three-show live event in Japan titled Fishmans Union (フィッシュマンズ的組合) under the Fishmans name.
Breaking into the twenty-first century was difficult for Fishmans with the loss of their lead vocalist and writer. On October 25, 2000, the live video album Increased Memory (記憶の増大) was released, cataloging many rare videos of live performances Fishmans made over the years with Sato. The following month, a live event was held at Shinjuku Liquid Room to synchronize with the video performances where a band played over the video, including Motegi on drums. The event was held again in April 2001 at Nagoya and Osaka, spreading awareness of the video album's release.
After Sato's death, Kin-Ichi Motegi began working as a stand-in drummer for Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra, whose original drummer died around the same time as Sato.  He eventually became a full-fledged member of the band and plays drums and sings lead vocals with them. Kashiwabara, who had originally planned to abandon the music industry, eventually joined forces with Yusuke Oya (ex-LabLife) to form Polaris, whose spacey and dubby tracks bear significant resemblance to Fishmans' sound in the late '90s. Both Motegi and Kashiwabara would later join forces with Takashi Kato of Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra and Losalios to form rock group So Many Tears, whose music leans further towards indie rock and alternative rock productions than that of Fishmans' more dub-influenced sound.


=== 2004–present: Fishmans+ ===
Fishmans' popularity only continued to grow, even after Sato's untimely passing. In 2004, a tribute album Sweet Dreams for Fishmans was released, including covers by artists as diverse as OOIOO, Bonobos, and UA. This was followed by the compilation albums Kuchu and Uchu in 2005, which included rare and unreleased tracks alongside their best hits. Among these was A Piece of Future, a 10-minute long post-rock track only ever performed live by Fishmans finally released to the public. This song was later remixed by tribute project Fishmans+, a project whose membership includes the likes of Cornelius, Ryuichi Sakamoto and many other Japanese musicians, as well as a large majority of original Fishmans members. In August 2018, all of Fishmans' music was contributed to Spotify, iTunes and YouTube to stream for free, although much of their lesser-known material remains obscure. Nevertheless, this has helped to significantly increase Fishmans' fanbase, especially overseas in North America and Europe.
On November 22, 2005 the remaining members of Fishmans paid tribute to their fans and Shinji Sato by performing live at the Rising Sun Rock Festival. The show lasted three and a half hours, and featured many guest singers, who performed on vocals. The following month, a tribute art exhibition "The Long Season Rewind" was held in Shibuya with contributions from various artists. In the same month, live compilation single いかれたBaby / 感謝(驚) / Weather Report was released, featuring three remixed live performed songs courtesy of ZAK.
In 2006, The Long Season Revue was released on DVD(directed by Kensuke Kawamura), which contained a nearly complete live video of Fishmans' tribute concert on November 22 of the previous year. A complete performance of Long Season was conducted at the concert, however for unknown reasons it is not present on The Long Season Revue. The live video was originally only screened in theatres and it featured the original members of the band together with a cast of supporting musicians such as UA, Asa-Chang, Hanaregumi, Oki Yuichi (of Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra) and Ikuko Harada of Clammbon. Following these concerts, Honzi, a long-time contributor with the band, died in 2007.
Since 2006, the band has played a number live shows at festivals. On May 3, 2011, Fishmans held a three-hour-long revival concert at Hibiya Nozon which was recorded and distributed on DVD by Kampsite TV (Japanese Internet Broadcaster for Japanese Indies, music videos and other video productions) in similar fashion to the Fishmans Space Shower TV episodes printed in 2007. The DVD was titled Live 2011/5.3 At Hibiya Open-Air Concert Hall "A Piece of Future". In 2016, the group played 3 shows in Nagoya, Tokyo and Osaka featuring a number of original band members and guests. Most recently in February 2019, Fishmans collaborated live with Japanese jazz-rock group cero at Zepp Tokyo, a venue Fishmans would visit for the first time in 20 years. This was in similar fashion to a live show Fishmans had recorded with Japanese J-pop group Sakanaction in 2012.


== Members ==
Shinji Sato (佐藤 伸治) – vocals, guitar, trumpet (1987–1999; died 1999)
Kin-ichi Motegi (茂木 欣一) – drums, sampler, backing vocals (1987–1999)
Yuzuru Kashiwabara (柏原 譲) – bass (1988–1998, 1999)
Hakase-Sun (ハカセ) – keyboard (1990–1995, 1999)
Kensuke Ojima (小嶋 謙介) – guitar, backing vocals (1987–1994, 1999)


== Support members ==
Michio "Darts" Sekiguchi (ダーツ関口) – guitar (1996–1999)
Honzi – keyboard, violin, accordion, backing vocals (1995–1999; died 2007)
ZAK – production, sound mix (1995–1999)
Shinya Kogure (木暮 晋也) – guitar (1995–1999)


== Discography ==


=== Studio albums ===
Chappie, Don't Cry (1991, Media Remoras)
King Master George (1992, Media Remoras)
Neo Yankees' Holiday (1993, Media Remoras)
Orange (1994, Media Remoras) #97 Oricon Albums Chart
Aerial Camp (空中キャンプ) (1996, Polydor) #88 Oricon
Long Season (1996, Polydor) #100 Oricon
Uchū Nippon Setagaya (宇宙 日本 世田谷) (1997, Polydor) #121 Oricon


=== EPs ===
Corduroy's Mood (1991, Media Remoras)
I Dub Fish (2016)


=== Live albums ===
Oh! Mountain (1995, Media Remoras)
8月の現状 (1998, Polydor)
98.12.28 男達の別れ (1999, Polydor)
Long Season '96～7 96.12.26 Akasaka Blitz (2016, Polydor)


=== Compilations ===
Fishmans 1991–1994 Singles & More (1999, Pony Canyon)
Aloha Polydor (1999, Polydor)
宇宙 ベスト・オブ・フィッシュマンズ (2005, Polydor)
空中 ベスト・オブ・フィッシュマンズ (2005, Polydor)
Fishmans Rock Festival (2007) (vinyl box set of all Polydor-era releases)
Golden Best Fishmans: Polydor Years (2012, Universal)
Go Go Round This World! ~ Fishmans 25th Anniversary Record Box (2016) (vinyl box set of all Media Remoras-era releases)
BLUE SUMMER ~Selected Tracks 1991–1995~ (2018, Pony Canyon)
Night Cruising 2018 (2018, Universal)


=== Singles ===
ひこうき (1991)
いなごが飛んでる (1991)
100ミリちょっとの (1992)
Walkin' (1993)
いかれたBaby (1993)
Go Go Round This World! (1994)
My Life (1994)
Melody (1994)
ナイト クルージング (1995)
Baby Blue (1996)
Season (1996)
Magic Love (1997)
Walking in the Rhythm (1997)
ゆらめき in the Air (1998)
いかれたBaby / 感謝(驚) / Weather Report (2005)
Seasons (Life) (2006)
Night Cruising 2018 (2018)


=== Videos (Live and Compiled Live) ===
The Three Birds & More Feelings (2000, Polydor) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
記憶の増大 (2000, Polydor) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
若いながらも歴史あり96.3.2 @ 新宿 Liquid Room (11/09/2005) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
男達の別れ 98.12.28 @ 赤坂 Blitz (2005, Universal Music Japan) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
The Long Season Revue (2006, Pony Canyon) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
Fishmans In Space Shower TV: Episode.1 (2007)
Fishmans In Space Shower TV: Episode.2 (2007)
Fishmans In Space Shower TV: Episode.3 (2007)
Live 2011/5.3 At Hibiya Open-Air Concert Hall "A Piece Of Future" (2012, kampsite) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)


=== Videos (Music Video) ===
Night Cruising「ナイトクルージング」 (1995, Polydor) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
Slow Days (1995, Polydor) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
Baby Blue (1996, Polydor) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
SEASON (1996, Polydor) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
MAGIC LOVE (1997, Polydor) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
WALKING IN THE RHYTHM (1997, Polydor) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)
Yurameki In The Air「ゆらめき In The Air」 (1998, Polydor) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)


=== Videos (on Space Shower TV) ===
Nobody in Tokyo (Video Jingle for Space Shower TV, Japanese Music TV Channel) (1998) (Directed by Kensuke Kawamura)  YouTube


== Film ==
映画：フィッシュマンズ (English: Movie: Fishmans) is an upcoming documentary film directed by Yuki Teshima on the band Fishmans. It is slated for release in Summer 2021 and expected to be approximately 3 hours in runtime. The film centers around a retrospective on Fishmans, building a narrative around the life of band leader Shinji Sato with material gathered mostly in 2019 and 2020. The film contains dozens of restored archival and live footage of the band from the 90s, as well as a comparable number of band members contributing interviews to the film such as Kin-Ichi Motegi. The film was in production for over two years after being crowdfunded in 2019. According to the production crew, the archival footage they worked with consisted with over 100 VHS tapes spanning from the band's earliest history to the late 90s.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
HMV Japan "Top 100 Japanese pops Artists" (Japanese)
Unofficial discography
The Long Season Revue on bounce.com
The Long Season Rewind
<|endoftext|>
Grigore Haralamb Grandea (October 26, 1843–November 8, 1897) was a Wallachian, later Romanian journalist, poet and prose writer.
Born in Țăndărei, Ialomița County, his parents were Haralambie Georgiu (Grandea), a merchant of Aromanian origin, and his wife Maria (née Baldovin). He studied at the national school of medicine and pharmacy (1855-1859) and, intermittently, at Saint Sava High School in the national capital Bucharest, graduating in 1865. In 1866 and 1867, he took courses at the philosophy and literature faculty of the University of Liège, but did not graduate. He worked as an intern at Colțea Hospital (1860), a surgeon's assistant in Ilfov County (1861), a battalion's medic in Bucharest, a professor of natural sciences at the national school of medicine and pharmacy (1862-1863), secretary of the State Archives' document committee (1864), school inspector for Gorj and Mehedinți counties (1871) and interim professor at Bucharest (1868), Craiova (1874) and Bacău (1888). All these jobs were temporary, and for significant periods of time, he supported himself through journalism, working as an editor at Monitorul Oficial, Dâmbovița, Presa, Timpul and Războiul. A passionate and fairly talented newspaperman, he was chief editor for a number of periodicals, including Albina Pindului (1868-1878), Liceul român (1870), Steaua Daciei (1871), Tribuna (1873), Bucegiu (1879) and Sentinela (1887). He wrote for many of the country's major magazines and newspapers, including Foaie pentru minte, inimă și literatură, Amicul poporului, Familia, Trompeta Carpailor, Românul, Columna lui Traian and Universul literar. His anti-liberal political orientation presaged that of Mihai Eminescu.He made his verse debut in 1859, in the "political and literary broadsheet" Dâmbovița, which he edited. As a poet, he was a tumultuous and pathos-filled romantic, more of a versifier, and only a few fragments of his writings endured beyond his age. His poetry books are Preludele (1862), Poezii. Miosotis (1865), Poezii nouă (1873) and Nostalgia. Poezii (1885). His two novels, rather more interesting, are Fulga sau ideal și real (1872) and Vlăsia sau ciocoii noi (1887). He wrote a number of short stories in which he showed inventiveness in creating intrigue, ability as a narrator and a certain talent in sketching comic portraits, genre scenes and picturesque and romantic characters. He translated and reworked numerous poetic and prose works; some of them were included in his own books but most remained in newspapers alone. The authors involved include Theocritus, Virgil, Sappho, Anacreon, Seneca the Younger, Ovid, Lucian, Hafez, Dante Alighieri, William Shakespeare, Ludwig Uhland, James Macpherson (Ossian), Alexander Pushkin, Thomas Gray, Sully Prudhomme, Jules Verne, Émile Zola, George Sand and Adam Mickiewicz. Grandea died in Bacău.


== Notes ==
<|endoftext|>
Electropodagrion is an extinct species of damselfly in the family Megapodagrionidae known from a fossil found in Europe.  The genus contains a single described species, Electropodagrion szwedoi.


== History and classification ==
Electropodagrion is known from a solitary fossil, which is an inclusion in a transparent chunk of Baltic amber.  The amber was recovered from fossil bearing rocks in the Baltic Sea region of Europe.  Estimates of the age date between 37 million years old, for the youngest sediments and 48 million years old. This age range straddles the middle Eocene, ranging from near the beginning of the Lutetian to the beginning of the Pribonian.At the time of study, the holotype was part of the paleoentomology collections housed by the Museum of Amber Inclusions, University of Gdańsk, in Gdańsk, Poland.  It was first studied by paleoentomologists Dany Azar of the Lebanese University and André Nel of the Muséum National d’Histoire Naturelle. Their 2008 type description of the genus and species was published in the natural sciences journal Annales de la Société Entomologique de France.  The genus name was coined as a combination of the Greek elektron meaning "amber" and podagrion the root of Megapodagrion, type genus of Megapodagrionidae.  The specific epithet szwedoi was coined as a patronym honoring paleoentomologist Jacek Szwedo.


== Description ==
The E. szwedoi fossil is fragmentary, with only the upper half of one wing, one leg and the thorax with three wing bases preserved.  All the wings are similar in structure and appearance, having an approximate length of 20 mm (0.79 in) and a maximum width of about 4.8 mm (0.19 in).  The nodus, notch on the leading edge of the forewings, is placed 7.2 mm (0.28 in) from the base, and the pterostigma is 10.1 mm (0.40 in) further up the wing.  The postnodal veins and the postsubnodal veins are aligned, a feature seen in Coenagrionomorpha damselflies, while the relatively square and shortened pterostigma preclude the genus belonging to Hypolestidae.


== References ==


== External links ==
 Data related to Electropodagrion at Wikispecies
<|endoftext|>
Jermaine Ean Harrison (born 12 September 1985) is a Jamaican cricketer who has played for Jamaica in West Indian domestic cricket. He made his List A debut in January 2016, opening the batting with John Campbell against Trinidad and Tobago in the 2015–16 Regional Super50. Outside of playing cricket, Harrison is a member of the Jamaica Defence Force.


== References ==


== External links ==
Player profile and statistics at ESPNcricinfo
<|endoftext|>
Jarmila Šuláková (27 June 1929 – 11 February 2017) was a Czech vocalist and occasional actress. She was a significant exponent of Moravian traditional music, sometimes called the "queen of the folk song".She was born in Vsetín, Moravian Wallachia, into an artistic family. Her mother was an actress, dancer and singer, her father was a musician. She studied to be a seamstress. In 1950 she began working as a sales assistant in the Supraphon shop in Vsetín, where she remained until her retirement in 1985. She married the violinist Ludvík Schmidt (died in 1970). They had one child, daughter Zuzana.Šuláková sang in various ensembles since her school years. Since 1952, she was a soloist of BROLN (The Orchestra of Traditional Folk Instruments of the Brno Radio), with which she  performed in the former Czechoslovakia and abroad (Vietnam, China, Mongolia, the Soviet Union, Korea, Cuba, Belgium, United Kingdom, Senegal, Bulgaria, Romania, Japan, USA, Canada, Poland, Germany, Netherlands, Finland, Denmark). Her collaboration with BROLN lasted until October 1993. From 1994 to 2011 she regularly performed with the folk-rock group Fleret.Her songs appeared on numerous audio recordings. In 1979, she was awarded the title Merited Artist and in 1989 she was named National Artist. Additionally, she won 1955 bronze award and 1957 silver award at the World Festival of Youth and Students.
Šuláková died in Vsetín on 11 February 2017 at the age of 87.


== Selected discography ==
Jarmila Šuláková (LP, Supraphon 1979, 1117 2549 G)
A vy páni muziganti. Folk Songs From Moravian Wallachia (CD, Supraphon 1993, 11 1839-2 711)
Fleret & Jarmila Šuláková (CD, 1995)
Kyčera, Kyčera (songs from 1954 to 1971, CD, Czech Radio + Galén 2014, originally Supraphon, G 14 061 2)


== Filmography ==
Ještě svatba nebyla (1954)
Všichni mají talent (1984)


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Atmospheres is the debut live album by Justin Jarvis. Jesus Culture Music released the album on September 30, 2014. Jarvis worked with Jeremy Edwardson in the production of this album.


== Critical reception ==
Giving the album a seven out of ten review from Cross Rhythms, Joy Farrington writes, "Jarvis clearly sings from a place of passionate love and intimacy which overcomes the slightly repetitive musical backdrop." Mary Nikkel, awarding the album four star for New Release Tuesday, states, "This is a collection of beautiful, heartfelt moments with Jesus." In rating the album three stars at Louder Than the Music, Wesley Huntley says, "This album, is not a typical worship album, and Justin isn’t a typical worship leader."


== Track listing ==
All tracks are written by Justin Jarvis.


== Personnel ==
Justin Jarvis – vocals, guitars, acoustic guitar, songwriter
Jeffrey Kunde – guitars, acoustic guitar
Tore Kulleseid – guitars, programming
Ian McIntosh – keyboards
Josh Fisher – drums
Jeremy Edwardson – programming, engineer, producer
Andrew Jackson – programming, engineer
Patrick Everett – engineer
Jeremy Griffith/Jeremy S.H. Griffith – audio mixer
Darren Lau – photographer
Kim Walker-Smith – executive producer


== Charts ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Range Murata (村田 蓮爾, Murata Renji, born October 2, 1968) is a Japanese artist and designer, known for his unique style combining dieselpunk and Japanese anime elements. He is best known for his conceptual design work on anime series Last Exile and Blue Submarine No. 6.
He began his career in the early 1990s doing design work for video games, including having done the illustrations and character design for the fighting game series made by Atlus, Power Instinct (Goketsuji Ichizoku).
He has published more than a dozen books of his work, some of the most notable being rule and futurhythm. He won the 2006 Seiun Award for "Best Artist of the Year".


== Works ==


=== Anime ===
The Animatrix (The Second Renaissance)
Blue Submarine No. 6
Last Exile
Mardock Scramble (OVA version, canceled)
SoltyRei (Rose Anderson's bike design only)
Table and Fisherman
Shangri-La
Last Exile -Fam, The Silver Wing-
ID-0
BEM
BEM: Become Human


=== Video games ===
The Power Instinct series (Goketsuji Ichizoku in Japan)
Spy Fiction
Wachenröder
Taisen Hot Gimmick


=== Printed works ===
Attack on Titan: Harsh Mistress of the City (art)
Cop Craft (art)
Artbooks
Like a Balance Life
futurhythm
Form|Code
robot
futurelog
Doujinshi
Racten
Throw Line


=== Other works ===
Murata has been designing figures based on his printed art since at least 2007.  These figures appear to be substantial (although small, that is less than 6×6×6 inches) works of art.  

Figures and sculpture
PSE Pro series figures, ​1⁄10 scale
PSE Solid series small figures in sets of six (usually)
Pinky street collaborations
Wall hangings
Silk screen on silk 28×44 inches


== References ==


== External links ==
PSE Web – Official site of Range Murata
Range Murata  at Anime News Network's encyclopedia
Range Murata July 2005 Interview at J LHLS
Cosplay Lab interview with Range Murata at Anime Expo 2004
<|endoftext|>
Marvin Wilfred Feldman (December 20, 1915 – August 6, 2000) was a Major League Baseball player. Nicknamed "Coonie", Felderman played for Chicago Cubs in the 1942 season. He only played in three games in his one-year career, having one hit and four strike-outs in six at-bats with one walk. He also appeared in two games as a catcher where he maintained a fielding percentage of 1.000. Felderman was born in Bellevue, Iowa, and died in Riverside, California.


== References ==


== External links ==
Baseball-Reference.com page
<|endoftext|>
Kim Hyung-Il  (Korean: 김형일; born 27 April 1984) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays as defender for Navy.


== Career ==
In March 2009, he was selected for the South Korea national football team. On 3 June 2009, he played at first senior level game against Oman national football team.
On 24 December 2016, Kim joined Chinese Super League champions Guangzhou Evergrande on a half-year contract for free transfer. He left Guangzhou in June 2017 without playing any match for the club.
Kim joined K League 2 side Bucheon FC 1995 on 29 June 2017.


== Club career statistics ==
As of 28 November 2011


== Honours ==


=== Club ===
Pohang SteelersK League 1 (1) : 2013
Korean FA Cup (1) : 2008
K-League Cup (1) : 2009
AFC Champions League (1) : 2009Sangju Sangmu PhoenixK League 2 (1) : 2013Jeonbuk Hyundai MotorsK League 1 (1) : 2015
AFC Champions League (1) : 2016


=== Individual ===
Pohang SteelersK-League Best XI (1) : 2009Sangju Sangmu PhoenixK League Challenge Best 11 (1) : 2013


== References ==


== External links ==
Kim Hyung-il – K League stats at kleague.com (in Korean)
National Team Player Record (in Korean)
Kim Hyung-Il – FIFA competition record
Kim Hyung-il at National-Football-Teams.com
Kim Hyung-il at Soccerway
<|endoftext|>
RFA Black Ranger (A163) was a British diesel-powered fleet support tanker of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary, built by Harland & Wolff at their yard in Govan.  On 27 February 1941, shortly after her commissioning, she was involved in a collision with the French destroyer Mistral which sustained minor damage and Black Ranger spent a short period under repair on the Clyde.Black Ranger later served with the Arctic Convoys. In November 1960 she was involved in a collision with the submarine HMS Thule. She was retired from service in 1973 and put up for sale. Bought by Greek owners, she was renamed Petrola XIV in 1973, and then Petrola 14 in 1976. She was scrapped at Piraeus in May 1983.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
eMudhra SecMsg is mobile application designed to secure the SMS channel. It allows users to send SMS's that are encrypted and signed using PKI technology and ensures that it is decrypted only by the intended user.
The algorithms used for crypto processes like Signing, Encryption,  Decryption are RSA/ECC, AES and SHA.


== Technical insight ==


=== Key pair generation ===
The RSA or ECC key pair is generated in the application and stored in the mobile. These keys will be used for all the crypto process like signing, encryption and decryption. The key pair generation is a onetime process and is completely user driven. The user can also use X.509 digital certificates from any certification authority (CA) for the crypto processes mentioned above.


=== Built-in-security ===
The user is required to provide the application PIN whenever he wants to gain access to it. The key pair is protected with the key PIN which controls signing, encryption/decryption processes.


== Usage areas ==


=== Secure communication ===
SecMsg can be used to send and receive confidential messages. Secure communication with peers can be established by exchanging the public key with friends/spouse/colleagues. The public key received from peers will be stored in the application.

The messages composed by the user will be encrypted with recipient's public key and will land up in the inbox of SecMsg. This message can be decrypted with the intended recipient's private key only.[see Fig.1]


=== Secure Safe ===
'My Vault' is an organizer that gives additional security to store personal information that is protected with PIN. All the information stored will be encrypted with the RSA private key.


=== Two-factor authentication ===

Any online transaction (Fund transfer, Add payee, Online broking,End of day confirmation)can be acknowledged by digitally signing the transaction details. This ensures confidentiality,integrity and more importantly non repudiation. Acknowledgment of the transaction thus made cannot be repudiated later.


=== Password/ATM PIN retrieval ===
Users can use the application for resetting/receiving passwords. Banks can send the ATM PIN/Internet banking passwords as an encrypted text message for which a digitally signed acknowledgment can be received in no time.


== Features ==
This application supports multiple X.509 certificates from any certification authority(CA). These digital signatures can also be used for digital signing and encryption/decryption.
Logging the history of transactions and messages, access to which requires PIN.
Remote data wiping for clearing the contents of the application if the mobile is lost.
Uses simplest and ubiquitous communication mode-SMS channel.
Low operating cost.
Extensive device support.


== SecMsg on the News ==
Article about SecMsg in Network computing
SecMsg coverage in Economic  Times
SecMsg coverage in Dataquest


== See also ==
Mobile Signature
Digital signature
Public-key cryptography


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Blessed Leopold of Alpandeire (Spanish: Beato Leopoldo de Alpandeire) (24 June 1864 – 9 February 1956) - born Francisco Tomás de San Juan Bautista Márquez y Sánchez - was a Spanish Roman Catholic professed religious of the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin. His life is not distinguished for spectacular works but rather for the humble and simple life in which he led his life as well as for his kindness - in particular towards the most deprived persons. He spent most of his life in Granada where its people still remember and celebrate him as a model example of Christian life and virtue.The cause for his canonization commenced in 1982 when he was made a Servant of God and he was later named as Venerable on 15 March 2008. Archbishop Angelo Amato presided over his beatification on 12 September 2010 on the behalf of Pope Benedict XVI.


== Biography ==


=== Early life ===
Francisco Tomás de San Juan Bautista Márquez y Sánchez was born on 24 June 1864, in Alpandeire, Spain, a small village in the province of Málaga (southern Spain), and was baptized on the following 29 June 1864. His parents, Diego Márquez y Ayala and Jerónima Sánchez y Jiménez, were industrious peasants. He was the eldest son out of four children from that marriage (two other boys and one sister). His brothers were called Diego and Juan Miguel, and his sister, María Teresa.
Márquez decided to embrace religious life in 1894, at the age of 35. His decision came after he witnessed a Capuchin friar preaching in the city of Ronda. He later declared that the secluded way of life of those men had made a good impression on him . He felt attracted by the idea of serving God by becoming similar to them.


=== Religious life ===
He decided to devote himself to religious life after hearing two Capuchin friars preach in the city of Ronda, on the occasion of the beatification of the friar, Didacus Joseph of Cadiz, in 1894. Even though he communicated his religious intention to the Capuchin friars in Ronda, it was not until five years later that he became part of the Capuchin Order.  After several attempts were unsuccessful, he joined in 1899 as a postulant in the friary of the Capuchin Order in Seville. In 1900 he entered the novitiate and received the religious name of Leopold. After successive assignments to Antequera, Granada and Seville again, on 21 February 1914 Leopold was moved permanently to the friary in Granada, where he lived for the next 42 years.
Most of the time Leopold served as the quaestor (seeker) of the community, which had him walk around the city and into many homes requesting donations. Gradually he became a familiar sight in the city, so many people sought his advice or intercession, beginning to know him as "the humble beggar of the three Hail Marys," because that was the prayer dedicated to those who sought his blessing.
Leopold died in Granada on 9 February 1956, and is buried in a crypt of the friary church dedicated to his honor.


== References ==


== External links ==
Vicepostulación de Fray Leopoldo (Catholic Association in charge of the promotion of the Blessed Leopoldo canonization process) (in Spanish)
Order of Capuchin Friars Minor
<|endoftext|>
Dolno Orizari (Macedonian Cyrillic: Долно Оризари) is a village 3.98 kilometres (2.47 mi) away from Bitola, which is the second-largest city in North Macedonia. According to the 2002 census, the total population is 1,834.


== Geography and location ==
At an altitude of 577 meters, the village is located in Pelagonia, in the center of the Bitola valley, in proximity to the city of Bitola, in the northern part of the territory of the Municipality of Bitola. Its neighbouring villages are Gorno Orizari, Karamani, and Logovardi. 


== History ==
The village is fairly new. According to the legend, it was established at the end of the 19th century. During this time, Dolno Orizari was under the Manastir Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire. According to the statistics of Vasil Kanchov ("Macedonia. Ethnography and Statistics") in 1900 Dolno Orizari had 440 inhabitants, all Bulgarians. According to the secretary of the Bulgarian Exarchate Dimitar Mishev's study ("La Macedoine et sa Population Chrétienne") in 1905 in Dolno Orizari lived 216 Bulgarian Exarchists.


== Demographics ==
Due to its proximity to the city of Bitola, it became a place of emigration in the mid-late 20th century. In 1961, it had 848 inhabitants, whilst in 1994, that number increased to 1,503 inhabitants.According to the 2002 census, 1,834 inhabitants lived in the village, 1,828 Macedonians, 4 Roma, 1 Vlach and 1 other.


=== Inhabitants ===
Dolno Orizari is a Macedonian Orthodox village, all of the families in the village are immigrants. 
According to studies from the late 1940s, the roots of the families of Dolno Orizari are as follows:
Older families: Maslarovci, Stajevci, and Vragovci, descend from unknown places, the first two families descend from the same ancestor; Klepačovci, descend from the village Klepač, with farther roots from the Prespa region; Beličovci, related to Klepačovci and Gjorevci, descend from an unknown village in Prilep.
Newer families: Jakovčevci and Jurukovci, descend from neighbouring Karamani; Konjarci, descend from the village of Konjari near Prilep, it is unknown whether they are from Malo Konjari or Golemo Konjari; Kjumkovci descend from neighbouring Logovardi; Ravanovci, descend from Porodin; Demirovci, descend from Logovardi, where they belonged to the family Stanoovci; Bendžovci and Spirovci, descend from Dobromiri; Šutakovci, descend from Alinci; Krepiovci, descend from Radobor; Nočevci, descend from Sveto Todori; Čepelovci, descend from Logovardi; Morijovci, descend from Tepavci; Srpčani, descend from the village Dolno Srpci; Čarlinci, Karpašovci, and Vejkrpa, descend from Dolna Čarlija; Sazdo, descend from Meglenci; Štrkovci, and Stojčevci, descend from Virovo; Nočevci, descend from Sloeštica; Trpevci, descend from the surroundings of Struga; Grkot, and Petre, descend from the surroundings of Voden; Angjelevci, Boškovci, Kekerovci, Basarovci, Čakrevci, Lozanovci, Musliovci, Krstevci, and Birtanovci, descend from unknown places.The majority of these families settled in Dolno Orizari prior to 1912. 


== Notable residents ==


=== Born in Dolno Orizari ===
Boško Najdovski (1976-2001) — died defending Macedonia in the Vejce ambush.


== Institutions ==
Elementary school Dame Gruev - Dolno Orizari.
Clinic Niko Mediko.
Post Office (7204).
Kindergarten Estreja-Ovadija Mara.


== Cultural and natural sights ==


=== Archeological localities ===
Geramidnica — a locality from bronze and late-ancient times;
St. Petka — a church from medieval times;
Sever I — a locality from neolithic times;
Sever II — a locality from neolithic times;
Domus Pole I — a locality from medieval times;
Sakojci — a locality from neolithic times.


=== Churches ===
Church St. Petka — the main village church


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Lodz University of Technology (TUL) was created in 1945 and has developed into one of the biggest technical universities in Poland. Originally located in an old factory building, today covering nearly 200,000 sq. meters in over 70 separate buildings, the majority of them situated in the main University area. Almost 15,000 students are currently studying at the University. The educational and scientific tasks of the University are carried out by about 3,000 staff members.


== Faculties ==


=== Faculty of Mechanical Engineering ===
The Faculty of Mechanical Engineering is one of the first departments of the Lodz University of Technology conducting research activity and teaching. The Faculty offers full-time, part-time, doctoral and postgraduate studies. It educates students in seven study areas being part of technical sciences, both full-time and part-time.

Organizational unitsThe faculty comprises 3 institutes and 6 departments:

Institute of Materials Science and Engineering
Institute of Machine Tools and Production Engineering
Institute of Turbomachinery
Department of Vehicles and Fundamentals of Machine Design
Department of Strength of Materials
Department of Dynamics
Department of Manufacturing Engineering
Department of Automation, Biomechanics and Mechatronics
Department of Materials Engineering and Production SystemsFields of studyThe Faculty of Mechanical Engineering offers full-time and part-time, first and second cycle studies in seven fields of study:

Automation and Robotics
Energy
Mechanical Engineering
Mechatronics
Materials Engineering
Production Engineering
TransportationThe faculty also offers third cycle studies in the following fields of study:

Construction and Operation of Machines
Mechanics
Materials Engineering


=== Faculty of Electrical, Electronic, Computer and Control Engineering ===

The Faculty of Electrical, Electronic, Computer and Control Engineering is one of the largest faculties of Lodz University of Technology. It came into existence in 1945.
The faculty educates students in the fields of Automation and Robotics, Electronics and Telecommunications, Electrical Engineering,  Power Engineering, Information Technology, Occupational Safety Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Mechatronics and Transport.

Organisational unitsThe faculty comprises the following units:

Institute of Electrical Engineering Systems
Institute of Automatic Control
Institute of Mechatronics and Information Systems
Institute of Electrical Power Engineering
Institute of Electronics
Institute of Applied Computer Science
Department of Electrical Apparatus
Department of Microelectronics and Computer Science
Department of Semiconductors and Optoelectric DevicesFields of studyThe Faculty of Electrical, Electronic, Computer and Control Engineering offers full-time and part-time, first and second cycle studies in the following fields of study:

Automation and Robotics
Electronics and Telecommunications (both in Polish and English)
Electrical Engineering
Power Engineering
Information Technology (in Polish and English)
Occupational Safety Engineering
Biomedical Engineering (in Polish and English)
Mechatronics
TransportThe faculty also offers postgraduate courses and trainings for persons who want to improve their skills.


=== Faculty of Chemistry ===

The Faculty of Chemistry is one of the faculties of Lodz University of Technology educating in the field of chemical science and technology.

Organizational unitsInstitute of General and Ecological Chemistry
Institute of Organic Chemistry
Institute of Applied Radiation Chemistry
Institute of Polymer and Dye Technology
Department of Molecular PhysicsFields of studyThe faculty offers the following full-time studies:

Chemistry – 3,5-year first cycle studies, 1,5-year second cycle studies and 4-year third cycle studies
Chemical Technology – first, second and third cycle studies
Environmental Protection – first cycle studies
Nanotechnology – first and second cycle studies
Chemistry of Building Materials (since 2011 in cooperation with AGH University of Science and Technology in Cracow and Gdańsk University of Technology)
Chemistry and Special Purpose Material Engineering (since March 2015, interdisciplinary, the field shared with the second degree studies of the Faculty of Chemistry of Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań and the Department of New Technologies and Chemistry at Military University of Technology in Warsaw)


=== Faculty of Material Technologies and Textile Design ===

Organizational unitsInstitute of Architecture of Textiles
Department of Design Theory and Textile Design  History
Department of Woven Fabrics
Department of Visual Arts
Department of Clothing Technology and Textronics
Department of Man-Made Fibres
Department of Knitting Technology
Department of Material and Commodity Sciences and Textile Metrology
Department of Material and Commodity Sciences and Textile Metrology
Department of Physical Chemistry of Polymers
Department of Yarn, Non-Woven Fabrics and Fibriform Composites Technology
Department of Technical Mechanics and Computer Engineering
Department of Textile Machine MechanicsFields of studyThe faculty offers the following full-time courses in 5 fields of study:

Education of Technology and Information Engineering (1st cycle studies; 2nd cycle studies)
Material Engineering (1st cycle studies; 2nd cycle studies)
Occupational Health (1st cycle studies)
Textile Engineering (1st cycle studies; 2nd cycle studies)
Pattern Design (1st cycle studies; 2nd cycle studies)The faculty also offers the following postgraduate courses:

Postgraduate Studies in Science of Commodities– 1 year (2 semesters)
Postgraduate Studies “Occupational Health”– 1 year (2 semesters)
Inter-faculty Postgraduate Studies in Biomaterial Engineering – 1 year (2 semesters)
Postgraduate Studies in Clothing Technology– 1,5 year (3 semesters)
Postgraduate Studies in Fashion and Design "Université de la Mode"– 2 years (4 semesters)The Faculty provides full-time PhD courses lasting 4 years in the field of textile mechanical engineering and textile chemical engineering.


=== Faculty of Biotechnology and Food Sciences ===

The Faculty of Biotechnology and Food Sciences is an interdisciplinary faculty where the conducted research is related to chemistry, engineering and biology. It is one of the most unusual faculties at Polish technical universities.

Organizational unitsInstitute of General Food Chemistry
Food and Environmental Analysis
Chemical Biophysics
Bioorganic Chemistry and Cosmetic Raw Materials
Analytical and Bioinorganic Chemistry
Institute of Technical Biochemistry
Institute of Chemical Technology of Food
Department of Technology of Sugar Production
Department of Technology of Confectionery and Starch
Department of Technology of Food Refrigeration
Department of Food Analysis and Technology
Sugar Technology Laboratory
Quality Management
Institute of Fermentation Technology and Microbiology
Department of Technical Microbiology
Department of Technology of Fermentation
Department of Technology of Spirit and YeastFields of studyThe faculty offers education in the following fields:

Biotechnology
Environmental Protection
Food Science and Nutrition
Environmental BiotechnologyThe faculty, together with IFE (International Faculty of Engineering), offers first and second cycle full-time studies in Biotechnology in English.


=== Faculty of Civil Engineering, Architecture and Environmental Engineering ===

The Faculty of Civil Engineering, Architecture and Environmental Engineering is one of the departments of Lodz University of Technology educating in the following fields: architecture and urban planning, construction, engineering and environmental protection. It was established on May 11, 1956.

Organisational unitsThe faculty consists of two institutes and six departments:

Institute of Architecture and Urban Planning
Institute of Environmental Engineering and Building Installations
Department of Mechanics of Materials
Department of Building Physics and Building Materials
Department of Structural Mechanics
Department of Concrete Structures
Department of Geotechnics and Engineering Structures
Department of Geodesy, Environmental Cartography and Descriptive GeometryFields of studyThe faculty offers full-time and part-time studies in the following fields of study:

Construction
Architecture and Urban Planning
Environmental Engineering
Spatial EconomyThe faculty also offers third cycle studies.


=== Faculty of Technical Physics, Information Technology and Applied Mathematics ===

The Faculty of Technical Physics, Computer Science and Applied Mathematics is one of the nine of faculties of Lodz University of Technology. It was established in 1976.

Organisational unitsThe faculty comprises the following units:

Institute of Computer Science:
Department of Intelligent Systems and Software Engineering
Department of Computer Graphics and Multimedia
Department of Systems and Information Technology
Institute of Mathematics
Department of Mathematical Modelling
Department of Contemporary Applied Mathematical Analysis
Department of Insurance and Capital Markets
Institute of PhysicsFields of studyThe faculty offers full-time and part-time, first and second cycle studies in the following fields of study:

Technical Physics
Information Technology
Mathematics


=== Faculty of Management and Production Engineering ===

The Faculty of Management and Production Engineering offers education in the field of organization and management combined with technical sciences, adopting a practical approach.

Organizational unitsDepartment of Management
Department of Production Management and Logistics
Department of European Integration and International Marketing
Department of Management Systems and Innovation
Institute of Social Sciences and Management of TechnologiesFields of studyThe Faculty of Management and Production Engineering offers the following fields of study:

Management
Management Engineering
Management and Production Engineering
Business and Technology - in English and French
Occupational Safety Engineering
Logistics
Paper Production and Printing


=== Faculty of Process and Environmental Engineering ===

The Faculty of Process and Environmental Engineering is an organizational unit of TUL conducting research and teaching.

Organizational unitsDepartment of Process Equipment
Department of Chemical Engineering
Department of Bioprocess Engineering
Department of Process Thermodynamics
Department of Numerical Modelling
Department of Safety Engineering
Department of Molecular Engineering
Department of Environmental Engineering
Department of Heat and Mass Transfer
Department of Environmental Engineering TechniquesFields of studyThe faculty offers four areas of study:

Biochemical Engineering (first cycle, full-time studies)
Process Engineering (first and second cycle studies, full-time studies)
Environmental Engineering (first and second cycle studies, full-time and part-time studies)
Occupational Safety Engineering (first cycle studies, full-time and part-time studies)The faculty also conducts studies of the third degree (PhD) lasting four years in full-time in the field of Chemical Engineering in Environmental Protection. Doctoral programmes prepare students to obtain a doctoral degree in the field of environmental engineering or chemical engineering.
The faculty offers the following postgraduate courses:

Safety and Occupational Health
Safety of Industrial Processes
Management of Municipal Waste


=== International Faculty of Engineering ===

International Faculty of Engineering (IFE) is an interfaculty unit offering education in foreign languages (English and French) under the auspices of TUL.
IFE students can participate in 12 courses with English as a language of instruction and 1 offered in French:

Architecture Engineering (AE) – in cooperation with the Faculty of Civil Engineering, Architecture and Environmental Engineering
Biotechnology (BIO) – in cooperation with the Faculty of Biotechnology and Food Sciences
Telecommunications and Computer Science (TCS) – in cooperation with the Faculty of Electrical, Electronic, Computer and Control Engineering
Computer Science and Information Technology (ST) – in cooperation with the Faculty of Technical Physics, Computer Science and Applied Mathematics
Computer Science and Information Technology (CS) – in cooperation with the Faculty of Electrical, Electronic, Computer and Control Engineering
Information Technology (IT) – in cooperation with the Faculty of Technical Physics, Computer Science and Applied Mathematics
Biomedical Engineering (BME) - in cooperation with the Faculty of Electrical, Electronic, Computer and Control Engineering
Mechanical Engineering and Applied Computer Science (ME&ACS) – in cooperation with the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering
Business and Technology (BT) – in cooperation with the Faculty of Organization and Management
Gestion et technologie (GT) - in cooperation with the Faculty of Organization and Management
Mechatronics (Mech) - in cooperation with the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering
Management - in cooperation with the Faculty of Organization and Management
Management and Production Engineering - in cooperation with the Faculty of Organization and Management


== Foreign Language Centre ==
The Foreign Language Centre of Lodz University of Technology was established in 1951. Since 2005, it has been located in a former factory building on Aleja Politechniki 12 in Łódź. The building was modernized and furnished with new facilities with the aid of the European Regional Development Fund (March 2004 – January 2006). The centre has 28 classrooms, a conference room and a library, and is the seat of the University of the Third Age of Lodz University of Technology. As at 2013 the Centre employed 72 academic teachers and 15 administrative, technical and maintenance employees.
Languages taught at the Centre include English, German, Russian, Italian, French, Spanish and Polish for foreigners. In 2013, there were 6273 students learning at the centre. English courses comprised 89% of all the classes.  The centre conducts classes for first- and second-degree, as well as doctoral students in accordance with the University curriculum, for participants in Socrates-Erasmus and IAESTE programs, students of the General Secondary School of TUL, students of the University of the Third Age of TUL, foreign exchange students from Cangzhou Vocational College of Technology (China) and foreigners who want to study at TUL.
The centre is taking part in a program organized by the City of Lodz Office called “Młodzi w Łodzi – Językowzięci”, the aim of which is to promote learning languages that are less popular in Poland and to encourage students and graduates from Łódź to improve their language qualifications. As part of the program, courses of the Finnish, Danish and Swedish language are conducted at the centre. Academic teachers employed at the centre also teach at the International Faculty of Engineering. The centre is also an examination centre for the international examinations TELC, LCCI and BULATS.


== Other Units ==
Library of Lodz University of Technology
Institute of Papermaking and Printing
Computer Center
Laser Diagnostic and Therapy Center


== Rectors ==
Bohdan Stefanowski (1945–1948)
Osman Achmatowicz (1948–1952)
Bolesław Konorski (1952–1953)
Mieczysław Klimek (1953–1962)
Jerzy Werner (1962–1968)
Mieczysław Serwiński (1968–1975)
Edward Galas (1975–1981)
Jerzy Kroh (1981–1987)
Czesław Strumiłło (1987–1990)
Jan Krysiński (1990–1996)
Józef Mayer (1996–2002)
Jan Krysiński (2002–2008)
Stanisław Bielecki (2008–2016)
Sławomir Wiak (2016–)


== References ==
joint publication, ed. Ryszard Przybylski: Lodz University of Technology 1945–1995. Lodz. Published by Lodz University of Technology, 1995, p. 160-183. ISBN 83-902081-9-9Specific


== External links ==
Official website (polish version)
Official website (english version)
Official International Faculty of Engineering website
The Foreign Language Centre of TUL website: http://www.cj.p.lodz.pl/index.php/en/about
Association of Academic Foreign Languages Centres SERMO
<|endoftext|>
Oscar Bergendahl (born 8 March 1995) is a Swedish handball player, playing for GOG Håndbold.He represented Sweden at the 2021 World Men's Handball Championship in Egypt.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The 2018–19 Liberty Flames men's basketball team represented Liberty University in the 2018–19 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team played its home games in Lynchburg, Virginia for the 29th consecutive season at Vines Center, with a capacity of 8,085. The team was led by Ritchie McKay, in his sixth season, but fourth season since his return to the program. They were first-year members of the Atlantic Sun Conference. They finished the season 29–7, 14–2 in ASUN play to share the regular season championship with Lipscomb. They defeated Jacksonville, North Florida and Lipscomb to be champions of the Atlantic Sun Tournament. They received the ASUN's automatic-bid to the NCAA Tournament where they defeated Mississippi State in the First Round before losing in the Second Round to Virginia Tech.


== Previous season ==
They were members of the Big South Conference. They finished the season 22–14, 9–9 in Big South play to finish in a four-way tie for fifth place. They defeated Campbell and UNC Asheville to advance to the championship game of the Big South Tournament where they lost to Radford. They were invited to the CollegeInsider.com Tournament where they defeated North Carolina A&T in the first round in a game referred to as the Jim Phelan Classic. They received a second round bye and defeated Central Michigan in the quarterfinals before losing in the semifinals to UIC.


== Departures ==


== 2018-19 Newcomers ==


== Roster ==
Roster is subject to change as/if players transfer or leave the program for other reasons.


== Schedule and results ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The Bombardment of Salé was a naval attack against the Moroccan city of Salé that took place between 26 and 27 November 1851, in response to the looting of a French cargo ship by residents of the city. After seven hours of fighting, the Moroccan artillery suffered severe damage, and the French bombarded the city through the night, damaging the city's infrastructure and the Great Mosque of Salé.
French losses were minimal, with only four dead and 18 wounded. 24 Moroccans died and 47 were wounded, two-thirds of whom were civilians. The French forces withdrew, and both sides claimed victory.


== Background ==

After the French conquest of Algeria, Abdelkader El Djezairi declared war against France, and requested assistance from Sultan Abd al-Rahman of Morocco. When the Sultan responded favorably, it triggered the Franco-Moroccan War. France sent warships to bombard Tangier on 6 August 1844, destroying large parts of the city and its defenses. The French then bombarded Essaouira, and occupied the Iles Purpuraires. After the French army defeated the Moroccan cavalry at the Battle of Isly on 14 August 1844, Sultan Abd al-Rahman asked for peace with France, leading to the signing of the Treaty of Tangier on 10 September 1844. Morocco's defeat caused a revolt in Rabat; in Salé, the city's nobility, known as the Sharif, sent a letter to the Sultan complaining about the lack of weapons and ammunition in the city.Meanwhile, the French government's anger against Morocco was increasing. A series of incidents in October 1849 damaged relations between both countries; a series of assassinations directed at the French frontier had occurred, and the French Consul had requested the dismissal of Pacha Ouchda, who was believed to have caused these issues. From 1845 to 1851, Morocco had a serious agricultural crisis caused by a drought, resulting in crop failure. The people of Morocco were suffering as the price of wheat and barley reached unprecedented heights. In Salé, many people were starving, and the agricultural crisis and anger towards France ultimately led to the bombardment of Salé.


== Preliminaries ==

On 1 April 1851, a French cargo ship carrying 98 tons of goods from Gibraltar to Rabat capsized near the coast of Salé. A few tons of goods were rescued, and were stored in the city for safekeeping. Salé turned out to be less than safe, however; by the next day, hundreds of townspeople were scavenging and stealing the goods. The thieves were thwarted by Abdelhadi Zniber, but only temporarily. By the end of the raids, the French had lost 11,391 franc germinals worth of goods.French diplomat Nicolas Prosper Bourée reported the situation in Salé to the French, and accused the people in the city of piracy. Bourée recommended sending military forces to the city; the French government obliged.On 10 November 1851, the French Secretary of the Navy tasked Louis Dubourdieu with the execution of the action against Salé, and five vessels were assigned to him in this regard: Henri IV (armed with 100 cannons and captained by Louis Henri de Gueydon), the Sané (14 cannons), the Gomer (14 cannons), the Narval (4 cannons), and the Caton (6 cannons). The fleet gathered in Cádiz on 19 November, and after being supplied with food and coal, sailed for Salé on 21 November.


== Bombardment ==

On 24 November, some of the French ships traveled to Tangier, where they picked up Consul Julius Doazan and his secretary, Fleurat, on Narval. Later that evening, Caton reached Salé and offered safe passage to Rabat for the British consul Elton and his family, in anticipation of the bombardment of the city. The following day, at 11:00 a.m., Caton anchored between the cities of Rabat and Salé. Its commander demanded an apology over the thefts and raids and immediate repayment for the stolen goods, under threat of bombardment. The rais in the ports of both cities promised to answer to the French demands within three hours. Two hours later, all of the French ships had reached the mouth of the Bou Regreg, between Rabat and Salé.The French crews of Henri IV received a telegraph from Admiral de Gueydon, suggesting that the bombardment of the city would begin soon, which the crews welcomed with enthusiasm. By then, a large crowd of people in Rabat and Salé had gathered to observe the French ships after they were spotted by Moroccan artillery operators. Admiral de Gueydon decided against starting the bombardment until consul Elton was aboard Caton; the consul did not come aboard the ship until four hours later. At dawn on 26 November though, the British steamer Janus joined Caton, and took the consul as its passenger.The Moroccan soldiers in both Rabat and Salé prepared to repel the French attack, and armed themselves with artillery. On the French side, Sané had moved to the fort at the entrance to the Bou Regreg river; Henri IV was a short distance from the Moroccan batteries north of Salé. Gomer moved to a suitable position to attack, and both Narval and Caton would provide logistical support.The French opened fire on the forts of Salé at 10:00 a.m., and the Moroccans retaliated instantly with forty batteries of artillery weapons. An hour into the confrontation, the batteries in Salé were destroyed, and the artillery in Rabat were damaged to a level that they became almost useless. The French fire intensified, but at 3:30 p.m., the damaged batteries were removed from the city by Moroccan forces; however, resistance did not stop until 5:00 p.m. Sané and Gomer, lacking for ammunition, withdrew from the battle, while Henri IV continued its barrage on the city until 7:00 a.m. the next morning.


== Aftermath ==
The following day, Dubourdieu sent a report to the Minister of War describing the French losses. Henri IV took several hits, with 1 dead and 9 wounded. The Sané suffered more damage than the Gomer, but neither was seriously damaged. Three men were killed on the Sané, and nine were wounded.The damage to Salé was considerable; a wall from the Almohad Caliphate was severely damaged, and the Great Mosque of Salé was struck by six cannonballs. Several homes were destroyed, and many were burnt down. Between 12 and 15 civilians were killed, along with six to seven soldiers. Tactically, the battle was a victory for France. In order to prevent Tangier from receiving a similar bombardment, Morocco agreed to pay 100,000 francs to the French on 29 November 1851.Politically, however, the battle is considered a failure for France. Initially, France had desired a revolt against the governor of Salé to force repayment and avoid destruction of the city, but this did not occur. The French demanded that those who killed Christians in the city be sentenced to death, and that thieves have their hands cut off; however, the governor of Salé simply banished these people from the city.Following this confrontation, diplomatic relations between France and Morocco ended for several months, until a French diplomatic mission returned in 1852. After the bombardment, Dubourdieu was promoted to Grand Officer of the Legion of Honor, and then to vice-admiral in February 1852.


== Notes ==


== References ==
L'Économiste (2009). Les Alaouites Mohammed VI : Une Dynastie, un Règne (in French). L'Économiste.
Brown, Kenneth L. (1976). People of Sale: Tradition and Change in a Moroccan City, 1830–1930. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-66155-4.CS1 maint: ref duplicates default (link)
Godard, Leon Nicolas (1860). Description Et Histoire Du Maroc (in French). ISBN 978-1-167-72886-0.CS1 maint: ref duplicates default (link)
Muḥammad bin 'Alī Dukkālī (1986). Al-Ithaf Al Wajiz, Tarikh Al-Adwatayn (in Arabic). Salā, al-Maghrib: al-Khizānah al-ʻIlmīyah al-Ṣabīḥīyah. OCLC 427353826.
Cousté, Jean (1989). Buyūtāt madīnat Salā (in Arabic). Salā, al-Maghrib : al-Khizānah al-ʻIlmīyah al-Ṣabīḥīyah. OCLC 29284954.CS1 maint: ref duplicates default (link)
Dubourdieu, Louis (26 November 1851), "Bombardement de Salé et de Rabat", Expédition du Maroc (in French), A. Jacqueline, OCLC 759696511CS1 maint: ref duplicates default (link)
"Louis Thomas Napoléon Dubourdieu" (in French). Ecole.
J. Dubochet. "L'Illustration" (in French). 18. L'Illustration. OCLC 13246743.
<|endoftext|>
26 Aquilae (abbreviated 26 Aql) is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. 26 Aquilae is its Flamsteed designation though it also bears the Bayer designation f Aquilae. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.00, which means it is faintly visible to the naked eye. As the Earth orbits the Sun, this star system undergoes a parallax shift of 21.15 mas. This means it is located at a distance of approximately 154 light-years (47 parsecs) from Earth, give or take a 3 light-year margin of error.
This is a single-lined spectroscopic binary system, meaning that the presence of an orbiting companion is revealed through shifts in the spectrum of the primary star. The pair orbit each other with a period of 266.544 days at a high eccentricity of 0.833. Little is known about this companion, although its mass can be estimated as 140% of the mass of the Sun.
The primary component has a stellar classification of G8 III-IV. The luminosity class of III-IV indicates the spectrum resembles that of a star part way between the subgiant and giant stages of its evolution. It has more than three times the mass of the Sun and six times the Sun's radius. It is radiating 21 times as much luminosity as the Sun from this enlarged outer envelope at an effective temperature of 4940 K. At this heat, the star glows with the characteristic yellow hue of a G-type star.


== References ==


== External links ==
Image 26 Aquilae
CCDM J19205-0524
HR 7333
<|endoftext|>
BI-LO was an Australian supermarket chain owned by Wesfarmers. Once a chain of 180 outlets, BI-LO stores were progressively re-branded as Coles Supermarkets from 2006, or closed. On 30th of June 2017, the final store in Loganholme, Queensland closed.


== History ==
BI-LO was established by John, Peter and David Weeks in South Australia in 1979.  The first stores opened at Stirling and Aldgate in South Australia's Adelaide Hills region after being converted from hardware outlets, followed by the acquisition of a third store at Murray Bridge. Coles Myer cited that by 1979, BI-LO was South Australia's cheapest grocer.
BI-LO was a leader in adopting new technology and by 1983 operated product scanning systems in all stores, the first grocery chain store in Australia to complete scanning across all stores in the group.
By 1987, BI-LO was operating 28 supermarkets in South Australia and generating one third of metropolitan Adelaide’s supermarket sales, when it was acquired by Coles Myer, which also purchased the 34-store Shoeys discount supermarket chain in New South Wales (subsequently renamed as BI-LO). BI-LO later expanded into Queensland and Victoria.
In December 1994, BI-LO opened its first Mega Frrresh store at Greenacres, South Australia, in response to its then chief competitor Franklins "Big Fresh" concept.  In 1996, BI-LO acquired six Newmart supermarkets in Western Australia although the Newmart name was retained due to its strong brand identification.  In 1998, BI-LO purchased three Northern Territory supermarkets in Darwin and Alice Springs.
BI-LO/Newmart opened nine new stores and completed 23 refurbishments in 2000, and opened 26 more stores and completed 11 refurbishments in 2001. The last Newmart stores in Western Australia to open before the chain was absorbed into Coles Supermarkets were at Garden City, Booragoon (October 2000) and Ocean Keys, Clarkson (July 2001). Newmart Stores in Garden City, Collie, Stirling Central, Noranda and Ocean Keys became an Action Supermarkets outlet at the same time, then  became a Woolworths outlet.
In 2002, BI-LO acquired and converted 15 Franklins sites, in New South Wales (Warilla Grove, Campbelltown - now Coles, Hillsdale - closed 2003, Mount Druitt - closed 2005, Shellharbour, Lavington, Thirroul), Queensland (Kawana, Capalaba - Closed 2007 reopened as Coles 2008, Hope Island, Loganholme), Victoria (Southland, Waverley Gardens - closed 2004, Lalor, Broadmeadows) and South Australia (Unley - closed 2005). Around 820 former Franklins employees were offered positions at BI-LO. BI-LO also opened 7 stores and a BI-LO Discount Petrol site at Narrandera, New South Wales. In August of that year, all Newmart Supermarkets operated by BI-LO in Western Australia were transferred to the management of Coles Supermarkets. One Newmart Supermarket located in Bentley, Western Australia was rebadged as Coles, subsequently closing in September 2017.

In 2004, BI-LO relaunched with the slogan "Why Pay More".
In July 2006, Coles Myer CEO John Fletcher announced a strategy to progressively re-brand BI-LO, Kmart, First Choice Liquor, Liquorland and Theo's under the Coles banner.  BI-LO supermarkets were to be re-branded as Coles supermarkets, with others changing to other Coles Group businesses. Coles planned to keep some BI-LO lines in its re-branded stores. Re-branding BI-LO stores began later in 2006 and had been expected to be completed by mid-2007. A small number of stores were to be re-branded Coles Discount Grocery where a Coles Supermarket already existed in the same complex (for example, at Westfield Fountain Gate). However, Westfield Knox, Northcote Shopping Centre and Waterfield Street in Coburg have two Coles Supermarkets in their proximity which were former BI-LO sites, and they all still operate to this day.
Some stores, such as BI-LO Arkaba in South Australia, were originally Coles Supermarkets before being re-branded to BI-LO in the late 1990s. Some BI-LO stores were re-branded to Coles Supermarkets, despite Coles already existing in the same shopping centre.

However, Coles Group announced in March 2007 it was "pausing" the re-branding of BI-LO stores to Coles, following the poor results of the 129 stores re-branded thus far.  Market analysts commented that the conversion program was unsuccessful due to Coles' transforming of stores in affluent areas first, the replacement of BI-LO's budget items with more expensive equivalents, and the removal of trademark budget meat packs.Reflecting on the failed conversion strategy later in 2007, Coles chief operating officer Mick McMahon stated "a strategy you can't execute is probably not the right strategy".In October 2008, Coles stated it was planning to create a discount supermarket chain to replace the remaining BI-LO stores. In 2009, Coles stated it would sell eight of the remaining BI-LO stores to rival chain Foodworks.
Further stores were closed or marked for closure due to poor performance and small store size, including Armidale and Merimbula.At its peak, BI-LO had more than 180 stores and employed 13,600 people. By March 2009, only 48 stores remained, largely in NSW and Queensland. At the end of December 2014, that number had decreased to six stores.  As at March 2016 with the closure of Toombul and Alderley (both later reopened as Coles) in Brisbane and as of April 2016 Coles take over of the Lisarow store in New South Wales left only one store remaining at Loganholme, Queensland. This store closed on 30th of June 2017, ending the BI-LO brand after 38 years in operation.


== Advertising ==
The tag-line "Extra Value for You" was used between 1999 and 2004, which was replaced by "Why Pay More!" Between 2000 and 2005, TV cook Iain Hewitson was the face of BI-LO and Newmart supermarkets across Australia, with BI-LO sponsoring and supplying his cooking shows. In late 2005, a stylised BI-LO docket was adopted as BI-LO's mascot and its use replaced Hewitson. At this time, the tag-line "It's the total of the docket that counts!" was used. In 2003, a campaign recording customer answers to "Why do you shop at BI-LO?" was used. In 2007 amid the Coles conversion, an election-style campaign also featured the stylised BI-LO Docket with the tag "Reduce the total of your docket!" Former slogans included "We Do, You Do" and "Cheap Groceries".


== Formats ==


=== BI-LO Mega Frrresh ===
In response to its main competitor Franklins launching "Franklins Big Fresh" in the early 1990s, BI-LO launched its Mega Frrresh brand at Greenacres, South Australia in 1994. Like Franklins Big Fresh, it combined discount shopping with a market-style atmosphere.


=== Newmart ===
BI-LO purchased six Newmart supermarkets in 1996 for A$16 million. Newmart was a small independent discount chain in Perth, Western Australia with a similar format to BI-LO: discount groceries, bulk foods, extensive fresh produce, meat and delicatessen sections.  BI-LO was unable to re-brand the stores since Foodland Associated Limited traded stores in Western Australia under the BI-LO name at the time.  The Newmart chain grew to 18 stores by 2002, had its own website until 2006, and like BI-LO, launched the slogan "Extra Value for You" in 1999. Started in 1987 by Fred Fairthorne of Farmer Jack's fame, as an independent discount supermarket with three stores in Greenwood, Floreat and Kardinya by 1992 to the West Australian Independent Grocers buying group - which also included Farmer Jack's, Advantage. MAC's and Charlie Carter's - its home brand products were "Black & Gold". A further three stores were opened between 1992 and the sale to Coles and its reincarnation into a Western Australian version of Coles' South Australian-based budget brand Bi-Lo in 1996, with the introduction of BI-LO branded products and the well-recognised Newmart tick logo rejigged to match BI-LO's yellow logo, among other things being refitted at Newmart to match BI-LO's national image, retaining its name in the process.
In 2002, Coles assumed management of Newmart, immediately re-branding seven stores as Coles supermarkets, before discontinuing the Newmart brand in 2003, selling five stores to Action Supermarkets); all five Action supermarkets were later bought out and became Woolworths outlets. These stores were located at Noranda, Stirling Central, Booragoon, Clarkson and Collie. Coles Supermarket in Bentley, Western Australia still contained Newmart awnings, aisle signage and checkouts up until the store closed on 22 September 2017. The site was then immediately refurbished to become a Spud Shed. The Woolworths store at Stirling Central Shopping Centre in Westminster, Western Australia still contained Newmart awnings, checkouts and security (loss prevention) buzzers on stands at the end of the checkouts until its refurbishment in 2018.


== References ==


== External links ==
BI-LO
<|endoftext|>
A re-recording mixer in North America, also known as a dubbing mixer in Europe, is a post-production audio engineer who mixes recorded dialogue, sound effects and music to create the final version of a soundtrack for a feature film,  television program, or television advertisement. The final mix must achieve a desired sonic balance between its various elements, and must match the director's or sound designer's original vision for the project. For material intended for broadcast, the final mix must also comply with all applicable laws governing sound mixing (e.g., the CALM Act in the United States and the EBU R128 loudness protocol in Europe).
The different names of this profession are both based on the fact that the mixer is not mixing a live performance to a live audience nor recording live on a set.  That is, he or she is re-recording sound already recorded elsewhere (the basis of the North American name) after passing it through mixing equipment such as a digital audio workstation and may dub in additional sounds in the process (the basis of the European name).  While mixing can be performed in a recording studio or home office, a full-size mixing stage or dubbing stage is used for feature films intended for release to movie theaters in order to help the mixer envision how the final mix will be heard in such large spaces.
During production or earlier parts of post-production, sound editors, sound designers, sound engineers, production sound mixers and/or music editors assemble the tracks that become raw materials for the re-recording mixer to work with. Those tracks in turn originate with sounds created by professional musicians, singers, actors, or foley artists.
The first part of the traditional re-recording process is called the "premix." In the dialog premix the re-recording mixer does preliminary processing, including making initial loudness adjustments, cross-fading, and reducing environmental noise or spill that the on-set microphone picked up. In most instances, audio restoration software may be employed. For film or television productions, they may add a temporary/permanent music soundtrack that will have been prepared by the music editor, then the resulting work will be previewed by test audiences, and then the film or television program is re-cut and the soundtrack must be mixed again. Re-recording mixer may also augment or minimize audience reactions for television programs recorded in front of a studio audience. In some cases, a laugh track may augment these reactions.
During the "final mix" the re-recording/dubbing mixers, guided by the director or producer, must make creative decisions from moment to moment in each scene about how loud each major sound element (dialog, sound effects, laugh track and music) should be relative to each other. They also modify individual sounds when desired by adjusting their loudness and spectral content and by adding artificial reverberation. They can insert sounds into a three-dimensional space of the listening environment for a variety of venues and release formats: movie theaters, home theater systems, etc. that have stereo and multi-channel (5.1, 7.1, etc.) surround sound systems. Today, films may be mixed in 'object-based' audio formats such as Dolby Atmos, which introduces a heightened atmosphere within the sound field with the introduction of ceiling speakers and the elimination of audio channels.


== References ==
"Re-recording mixer". Skillset. Retrieved 2014-07-24.
<|endoftext|>
Grosville is a commune in the Manche department in north-western France.


== Heraldry ==


== See also ==
Communes of the Manche department


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Admiral of the Fleet Sir John Edmund Commerell,  (13 January 1829 – 21 May 1901) was a Royal Navy officer. As a junior officer, he was present at the Battle of Vuelta de Obligado in November 1845 during the Uruguayan Civil War. He also took part in operations in Sea of Azov during the Crimean War and went ashore with the quartermaster and a seaman, to destroy large quantities of enemy forage on the shore. After a difficult and dangerous journey they reached their objective – a magazine of corn – and managed to ignite the stacks, but the guards were alerted and immediately opened fire and gave chase. The men had difficulty in escaping, but they finally reached their ship and the lookouts later reported that the forage store had burned to the ground. He and his colleague, Quartermaster William Thomas Rickard, were awarded the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Commerell went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Cape of Good Hope Station, Commander-in-Chief, North America and West Indies Station and then Commander-in-Chief, Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth. He was also a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1888.


== Early career ==

Born the son of John Williams Commerell and Sophia Commerell (née Bosanquet), Commerell was educated at Clifton College and joined the Royal Navy in March 1842. He was appointed to the third-rate HMS Cornwallis and saw action in China in August 1842 during the First Opium War. He then transferred to the paddle frigate HMS Firebrand on the South America Station and was present at the Battle of Vuelta de Obligado in November 1845 during the Uruguayan Civil War. At Punta Obligado he helped cut the chain that defended the Paraná River. He transferred to the sloop HMS Comus at Woolwich in May 1848 and, having been promoted to lieutenant on 13 December 1848, transferred to the paddle frigate HMS Dragon in the Mediterranean Fleet in April 1849 and to the screw frigate HMS Dauntless at Devonport in August 1850.Commerell joined the frigate HMS Vulture in February 1854 and saw action in the Baltic Sea during the Crimean War. He became commanding officer of the gun vessel HMS Weser in February 1855; however the ship caught fire near Constantinople and was beached before being towed off and joining the bombardment of Sevastopol in June 1855. He then took part in operations in Sea of Azov and, having been promoted to commander on 29 September 1855, went ashore with the quartermaster and a seaman, to destroy large quantities of enemy forage on the shore. After a difficult and dangerous journey they reached their objective – a magazine of corn – and managed to ignite the stacks, but the guards were alerted and immediately opened fire and gave chase. The men had difficulty in escaping, but they finally reached their ship and the lookouts later reported that the forage store had burned to the ground. He and his colleague, Quartermaster William Thomas Rickard, were awarded the Victoria Cross. His citation reads:

Date of act of Bravery, 11 October 1855
"When commanding the 'Weser,' in the Sea of Azoff, crossed the Isthmus of Arabat, and destroyed large quantities of forage on the Crimean shore of the Sivash."
Commerell became commanding officer of the steam vessel HMS Snake in the Mediterranean Fleet in February 1856 and, having been awarded French Legion of Honour, 5th class on 2 August 1856 and the Turkish Order of the Medjidie, fifth class on 3 April 1858, he became commanding officer of the paddle sloop HMS Fury on the East Indies and China Station in October 1858. He was second-in-command of a naval brigade which landed in China, but then had to retreat to their boats after facing firm resistance, at Battle of Taku Forts in June 1859 during the Second Opium War.Promoted to captain on 18 July 1859, Commerell went on to be commanding officer of the paddle frigate HMS Magicienne on the East Indies and China Station in September 1859 and commanding officer of the turret ship HMS Scorpion at Portsmouth in May 1865. After that he became commanding officer of the frigate HMS Terrible in May 1866 and assisted the SS Great Eastern to lay the fifth (and first successful) Atlantic cable. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (civil division) on 2 November 1866 and became commanding officer of the turret ship HMS Monarch in the Channel Squadron in May 1869. He was also appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (military division) on 2 June 1869.


== Senior command ==

Promoted to commodore, second class in February 1871, Commerell became Commander-in-Chief Cape of Good Hope and West Coast of Africa Station, with his broad pennant in the corvette HMS Rattlesnake. However, in August 1873, when he was undertaking a reconnaissance up the Pra River at the start of the Third Anglo-Ashanti War, he was wounded in the lung, and had to resign his command. Advanced to Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath on 31 March 1874, he was appointed a Groom in Waiting to the Queen on 26 May 1874.Promoted to rear admiral on 12 November 1876, Commerell became second-in-command of the Mediterranean Fleet, with his flag in the armoured frigate HMS Agincourt, in July 1877. This was a time of great tension in the region with the Russo-Turkish War at its peak. He then became Junior Naval Lord in the Second Disraeli ministry in December 1879 where he sat until the Government fell in May 1880. In the 1880 general election he stood unsuccessfully for parliament at Southampton.Promoted to vice admiral on 19 January 1881, Commerell became Commander in Chief, North America and West Indies Station, with his flag in the armoured cruiser HMS Northampton, in November 1882. At the 1885 general election he was elected Member of Parliament for the Southampton seat, which he held until he resigned from the House of Commons on 15 May 1888. As a member of parliament he lobbied hard for the Naval Defence Bill.Promoted to full admiral on 12 April 1886, Commerell became was advanced to Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath on 21 June 1887 and became Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth in June 1888. He was appointed a Groom in Waiting to the Queen again on 31 December 1891.Commerell was promoted to admiral of the fleet on 14 February 1892, advanced to the Turkish Order of the Medjidie, first class on 5 March 1894 and retired in January 1899. He died at his home at Rutland Gate in London on 21 May 1901 and was buried at Cheriton Road Cemetery, Folkestone. Edmund Rock and Commerell Point in British Columbia, Canada, were named in his honour. His Victoria Cross is on display in the Lord Ashcroft Gallery at the Imperial War Museum, London.


== Family ==
In 1853 Commerell married Matilda Bushby; they had three daughters. His brother, William, was a first-class cricketer.


== References ==


== Sources ==
Heathcote, Tony (2002). The British Admirals of the Fleet 1734 – 1995. Pen & Sword Ltd. ISBN 0-85052-835-6.
Craig, F. W. S. (1989) [1977]. British parliamentary election results 1832–1885 (2nd ed.). Chichester: Parliamentary Research Services. ISBN 0-900178-26-4.
Craig, F. W. S. (1989) [1974]. British parliamentary election results 1885–1918 (2nd ed.). Chichester: Parliamentary Research Services. ISBN 0-900178-27-2.


== External links ==
Hansard 1803–2005: contributions in Parliament by Sir John Commerell
The Dreadnought Project: John Edmund Commerell
William Loney Career History
<|endoftext|>
Ewa Lajer-Burcharth (born in Warsaw) is a Polish art historian and William Dorr Boardman Professor of Fine Arts in the History of Art and Architecture at Harvard University and Senior Adviser to the humanities program at the Radcliffe Institute.  Her specialties include 18th-century French and contemporary art.


== Career ==
A native of Warsaw, Lajer-Burcharth received her Ph.D. from the Graduate Center at the City University of New York and her M.A. from the University of Warsaw in Poland.  In 1999, Lajer-Burcharth published Necklines: The Art of Jacques-Louis David After the Terror.  In 2000, she received a Guggenheim Fellowship for Fine Arts Research.  In 2009-2010, she was a fellow at the Wissenschaftskolleg zu Berlin.  In 2011, she published her second book Chardin Material.


== Works ==
Necklines: The Art of Jacques-Louis David After the Terror (1999) ISBN 0300074212
Chardin Material (2011) ISBN 1934105473


== References ==


== External links ==
Profile at Harvard University
<|endoftext|>
Costa Rica–Turkey relations (Spanish: Las relaciones Costa Rica-Turquía; Turkish: Kosta Rika-Türkiye ilişkileri) are foreign relations between Costa Rica and Turkey. Costa Rica has an embassy in Ankara. Turkey has an embassy in San José.


== Country Comparison ==


== Presidential Visits ==


== Economic Relations ==
Trade volume between the two countries was 100 million USD in 2019 (Turkish exports/imports: 58.9/41.8 million USD).


== See also ==

Foreign relations of Costa Rica
Foreign relations of Turkey


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Eremophila demissa is a flowering plant in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to a small area of central Western Australia. It is a low, spreading shrub with small, yellowish grey leaves and branches and mauve to blue flowers.


== Description ==
Eremophila demissa is a low, compact, spreading shrub which grows to a height of less than 0.4 m (1 ft) with leaves and branches covered with fine hairs giving the surface a felty texture. The leaves are densely clustered near the ends of the branches and are elliptic to egg-shaped, 5.5–13 mm (0.2–0.5 in) long and 2–4 mm (0.08–0.2 in) wide.
The flowers are borne singly, rarely in pairs, in leaf axils on a densely hairy, straight stalk 3–7 mm (0.1–0.3 in) long. There are 5 slightly overlapping, lance-shaped to elliptic sepals which are hairy on the outer surface and mostly 9–14 mm (0.4–0.6 in) long. The petals are 17–26 mm (0.7–1 in) long and joined at their lower end to form a tube. The petal tube is light purple to mauve on the outside, darker on the petal lobes and whitish inside with faint purple spots. Part of the outside of the petal tube and petal lobes are hairy and the inside of the tube is filled with long, soft hairs. Flowering occurs from March to August and is followed by fruits which are oval-shaped with a papery, light brown covering and 7–8.5 mm (0.3–0.3 in) long.


== Taxonomy and naming ==
Eremophila demissa was first formally described by Robert Chinnock in 2007, and the description was published in Eremophila and Allied Genera: A Monograph of the Plant Family Myoporaceae. The type specimen was collected by Chinnock on Neds Peak Road, about 14 km (9 mi) from the Great Northern Highway. The specific epithet (demissa) is a Latin adjective meaning "drooping", "weak" or "feeble" referring to the growth habit of this species.


== Distribution and habitat ==
This eremophila occurs in an area near Meekatharra where it grows on clay flats and silcrete.


== Conservation status ==
Eremophila demissa is classified as "not threatened" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Imatinib, sold under the brand name Gleevec among others, is an oral chemotherapy medication used to treat cancer. Specifically, it is used for chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) and acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL) that are Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+), certain types of gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST), hypereosinophilic syndrome (HES), chronic eosinophilic leukemia (CEL), systemic mastocytosis, and myelodysplastic syndrome. It is taken by mouth.Common side effects include vomiting, diarrhea, muscle pain, headache, and rash. Severe side effects may include fluid retention, gastrointestinal bleeding, bone marrow suppression, liver problems, and heart failure. Use during pregnancy may result in harm to the baby. Imatinib works by stopping the Bcr-Abl tyrosine-kinase. This can slow growth or result in programmed cell death of certain types of cancer cells.Imatinib was approved for medical use in the United States in 2001. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. A generic version became available in the UK as of 2017.


== Medical uses ==
Imatinib is used to treat chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) and a number of other malignancies. In 2006 the FDA expended approved use to include Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP), Myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases (MDS/MPD), Aggressive systemic mastocytosis (ASM).


=== Chronic myelogenous leukemia ===
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved imatinib as first-line treatment for Philadelphia chromosome-positive CML, both in adults and children. The drug is approved in multiple contexts of Philadelphia chromosome-positive CML, including after stem cell transplant, in blast crisis, and newly diagnosed.Due in part to the development of imatinib and related drugs, the five year survival rate for people with chronic myeloid leukemia increased from 31% in 1993, to 59% in 2009, to 70% in 2016. Starting from 2011, it became clear that CML patients have the same or almost the same life expectancy of the general population.


=== Gastrointestinal stromal tumors ===
The FDA first granted approval for advanced GIST patients in 2002. On 1 February 2012, imatinib was approved for use after the surgical removal of KIT-positive tumors to help prevent recurrence. The drug is also approved in unresectable KIT-positive GISTs.


=== Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP) ===
The FDA granted approval for the treatment of dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP) patients in 2006. Specifically adult patients with unresectable, recurrent and/or metastatic dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP). Prior to approval DFSP was considered unresponsive to chemotherapy treatments.


=== Other ===
The FDA has approved imatinib for use in adults with relapsed or refractory Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia (Ph+ ALL), myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases associated with platelet-derived growth factor receptor gene rearrangements, aggressive systemic mastocytosis without or an unknown D816V c-KIT mutation, hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia who have the FIP1L1-PDGFRα fusion kinase (CHIC2 allele deletion) or FIP1L1-PDGFRα fusion kinase negative or unknown, unresectable, recurrent and/or metastatic dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. On 25 January 2013, Gleevec was approved for use in children with Ph+ ALL.For treatment of progressive plexiform neurofibromas associated with neurofibromatosis type I, early research has shown potential for using the c-KIT tyrosine kinase blocking properties of imatinib.Oncovet I (Chemovet S.A.), is the is the first imatinib-based drug approved in Latin America for veterinary use for canine and feline cancer (mast cell tumor, fibrosarcomas, gastrointestinal stromal tumors, hemangiosarcomas, B-cell leukemia, meningiomas, feline sarcomas associated with vaccines and hypereosinophilic syndrome in felines.


== Contraindications and cautions ==
The only known contraindication to imatinib is hypersensitivity to imatinib. Cautions include:
Hepatic impairment
Risk of severe CHF or left ventricular dysfunction, especially in patients with comorbidities
Pregnancy, risk of embryo-fetal toxicity
Risk of fluid retention
Risk of growth stunting in children or adolescents


== Side effects ==

The most common side effects include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headaches, leg aches/cramps, fluid retention, visual disturbances, itchy rash, lowered resistance to infection, bruising or bleeding, loss of appetite; weight gain, reduced number of blood cells (neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, anemia), and edema.
Although rare, restoration of hair color has been reported as well.
Severe congestive cardiac failure is an uncommon but recognized side effect of imatinib and mice treated with large doses of imatinib show toxic damage to their myocardium.If imatinib is used in prepubescent children, it can delay normal growth, although a proportion will experience catch-up growth during puberty.


== Overdose ==
Medical experience with imatinib overdose is limited. Treatment is supportive. Imatinib is highly plasma protein-bound: dialysis is unlikely to be helpful removing imatinib.


== Interactions ==
Its use is advised against in people on strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as clarithromycin, chloramphenicol, ketoconazole, ritonavir and nefazodone due to its reliance on CYP3A4 for metabolism. Likewise it is a CYP3A4, CYP2D6 and CYP2C9 inhibitor and hence concurrent treatment with substrates of any of these enzymes may increase plasma concentrations of said drugs. Since imatinib is mainly metabolised via the liver enzyme CYP3A4, substances influencing the activity of this enzyme change the plasma concentration of the drug. An example of a drug that increases imatinib activity and therefore side effects by blocking CYP3A4 is ketoconazole. The same could be true of itraconazole, clarithromycin, grapefruit juice, among others. Conversely, CYP3A4 inductors like rifampicin and St John's Wort reduce the drug's activity, risking therapy failure. Imatinib also acts as an inhibitor of CYP3A4, 2C9 and 2D6, increasing the plasma concentrations of a number of other drugs like simvastatin, ciclosporin, pimozide, warfarin, metoprolol, and possibly paracetamol. The drug also reduces plasma levels of levothyroxin via an unknown mechanism.As with other immunosuppressants, application of live vaccines is contraindicated because the microorganisms in the vaccine could multiply and infect the patient. Inactivated and toxoid vaccines do not hold this risk, but may not be effective under imatinib therapy.


== Pharmacology ==


=== Mechanism of action ===

Imatinib is a 2-phenyl amino pyrimidine derivative that functions as a specific inhibitor of a number of tyrosine kinase enzymes. It occupies the TK active site, leading to a decrease in activity.
There are a large number of TK enzymes in the body, including the insulin receptor. Imatinib is specific for the TK domain in abl (the Abelson proto-oncogene), c-kit and PDGF-R (platelet-derived growth factor receptor).
In chronic myelogenous leukemia, the Philadelphia chromosome leads to a fusion protein of abl with bcr (breakpoint cluster region), termed bcr-abl. As this is now a constitutively active tyrosine kinase, imatinib is used to decrease bcr-abl activity.
The active sites of tyrosine kinases each have a binding site for ATP. The enzymatic activity catalyzed by a tyrosine kinase is the transfer of the terminal phosphate from ATP to tyrosine residues on its substrates, a process known as protein tyrosine phosphorylation. Imatinib works by binding close to the ATP binding site of bcr-abl, locking it in a closed or self-inhibited conformation, and therefore inhibiting the enzyme activity of the protein semi-competitively. This fact explains why many BCR-ABL mutations can cause resistance to imatinib by shifting its equilibrium toward the open or active conformation.Imatinib is quite selective for bcr-abl, though it does also inhibit other targets mentioned above (c-kit and PDGF-R), as well as ABL2 (ARG) and DDR1 tyrosine kinases and NQO2 – an oxidoreductase. Imatinib also inhibits the abl protein of non-cancer cells, but these cells normally have additional redundant tyrosine kinases, which allows them to continue to function even if abl tyrosine kinase is inhibited. Some tumor cells, however, have a dependence on bcr-abl. Inhibition of the bcr-abl tyrosine kinase also stimulates its entry in to the nucleus, where it is unable to perform any of its normal anti-apoptopic functions, leading to tumor cell death.


==== Other pathways affected ====
The Bcr-Abl pathway has many downstream pathways including
the Ras/MapK pathway, which leads to increased proliferation due to increased growth factor-independent cell growth.
It also affects the Src/Pax/Fak/Rac pathway. This affects the cytoskeleton, which leads to increased cell motility and decreased adhesion.
The PI/PI3K/AKT/BCL-2 pathway is also affected. BCL-2 is responsible for keeping the mitochondria stable; this suppresses cell death by apoptosis and increases survival.
The last pathway that Bcr-Abl affects is the JAK/STAT pathway, which is responsible for proliferation.


=== Pharmacokinetics ===
Imatinib is rapidly absorbed when given by mouth, and is highly bioavailable: 98% of an oral dose reaches the bloodstream. Metabolism of imatinib occurs in the liver and is mediated by several isozymes of the cytochrome P450 system, including CYP3A4 and, to a lesser extent, CYP1A2, CYP2D6, CYP2C9, and CYP2C19. The main metabolite, N-demethylated piperazine derivative, is also active. The major route of elimination is in the bile and feces; only a small portion of the drug is excreted in the urine. Most of imatinib is eliminated as metabolites; only 25% is eliminated unchanged. The half-lives of imatinib and its main metabolite are 18 h and 40 h, respectively. It blocks the activity of Abelson cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase (ABL), c-Kit and the platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR). As an inhibitor of PDGFR, imatinib mesylate appears to have utility in the treatment of a variety of dermatological diseases. Imatinib has been reported to be an effective treatment for FIP1L1-PDGFRalpha+ mast cell disease, hypereosinophilic syndrome, and dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans.


== Chemistry ==


=== Synthesis ===


== History ==
Imatinib was invented in the late 1990s by scientists at Ciba-Geigy (which merged with Sandoz in 1996 to become Novartis), in a team led by biochemist Nicholas Lydon and that included Elisabeth Buchdunger and Jürg Zimmermann and its use to treat CML was driven by oncologist Brian Druker of Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU). Other major contributions to imatinib development were made by Carlo Gambacorti-Passerini, a physician, scientist, and hematologist at University of Milano Bicocca, Italy, John Goldman at Hammersmith Hospital in London, UK, and later on by Charles Sawyers of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.Imatinib was developed by rational drug design. After the Philadelphia chromosome mutation and hyperactive bcr-abl protein were discovered, the investigators screened chemical libraries to find a drug that would inhibit that protein. With high-throughput screening, they identified 2-phenylaminopyrimidine. This lead compound was then tested and modified by the introduction of methyl and benzamide groups to give it enhanced binding properties, resulting in imatinib.When Novartis tested imatinib in rats, mice, rabbits, dogs, and monkeys in 1996, it was found to have several toxic effects; in particular, results indicating liver damage in dogs nearly stopped drug development completely. However, favorable results in studies with monkeys and in vitro human cells allowed testing to continue in humans.The first clinical trial of Gleevec took place in 1998, after Novartis reluctantly synthesized and released a few grams of the drug for Druker, enough for him to run a trial using a hundred or so patients. The drug received FDA approval in May 2001, only two and a half years after the new drug application was submitted.  On the same month it made the cover of TIME magazine as a "bullet" to be used against cancer. Druker, Lydon and Sawyers received the Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award in 2009 for "converting a fatal cancer into a manageable chronic condition".During the FDA review, the tradename of the drug for the US market was changed from "Glivec" to "Gleevec" at the request of the FDA, to avoid confusion with Glyset, a diabetes drug.A Swiss patent application was filed on imatinib and various salts on in April 1992, which was then filed in the EU, the US, and other countries in March and April 1993. and in 1996 United States and European patent offices issued patents listing Jürg Zimmermann as the inventor.In July 1997, Novartis filed a new patent application in Switzerland on the beta crystalline form of imatinib mesylate (the mesylate salt of imatinib).  The "beta crystalline form" of the molecule is a specific polymorph of imatinib mesylate; a specific way that the individual molecules pack together to form a solid.  This is the actual form of the drug sold as Gleevec/Glivec;  a salt (imatinib mesylate) as opposed to a free base, and the beta crystalline form as opposed to the alpha or other form.  In 1998, Novartis filed international patent applications claiming priority to the 1997 filing. A United States patent was granted in 2005.


== Society and culture ==


=== Economics ===

In 2013, more than 100 cancer specialists published a letter in Blood saying that the prices of many new cancer drugs, including imatinib, are so high that people in the United States couldn't afford them, and that the level of prices, and profits, was so high as to be immoral. Signatories of the letter included Brian Druker, Carlo Gambacorti-Passerini, and John Goldman, developers of imatinib.  They wrote that in 2001, imatinib was priced at $30,000 (equivalent to $43,317 in 2019) a year, which was based on the price of interferon, then the standard treatment, and that at this price Novartis would have recouped its initial development costs in two years.  They wrote that after unexpectedly becoming a blockbuster, Novartis increased the price to $92,000 (equivalent to $102,455 in 2019) per year in 2012, with annual revenues of $4.7 billion.  Other physicians have complained about the cost.Druker himself, who led the clinical studies, never got a patent and never made money from it.By 2016, the average wholesale price had increased to $120,000 (equivalent to $127,837 in 2019) a year, according to an analysis prepared for The Washington Post by Stacie Dusetzina of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. When competitive drugs came on the market, they were sold at a higher price to reflect the smaller population, and Novartis raised the price of Gleevec to match them.A 2012 economic analysis funded by Bristol-Myers Squibb estimated that the discovery and development of imatinib and related drugs had created $143 billion in societal value at a cost to consumers of approximately $14 billion.  The $143 billion figure was based on an estimated 7.5 to 17.5 year survival advantage conferred by imatinib treatment, and included the value (discounted at 3% per annum) of ongoing benefits to society after the imatinib patent expiration.Prices for a 100 mg pill of Gleevec internationally range from $20 to $30, although generic imatinib is cheaper, as low as $2 per pill.


=== Controversies ===


==== Patent litigation in India ====

Novartis fought a seven-year, controversial battle to patent Gleevec in India, and took the case all the way to the Indian Supreme Court.  The patent application at the center of the case was filed by Novartis in India in 1998, after India had agreed to enter the World Trade Organization and to abide by worldwide intellectual property standards under the TRIPS agreement.  As part of this agreement, India made changes to its patent law, the biggest of which was that prior to these changes, patents on products were not allowed, while afterwards they were, albeit with restrictions.  These changes came into effect in 2005, so Novartis' patent application waited in a "mailbox" with others until then, under procedures that India instituted to manage the transition.  India also passed certain amendments to its patent law in 2005, just before the laws came into effect.The patent application claimed the final form of Gleevec (the beta crystalline form of imatinib mesylate).  In 1993, during the time India did not allow patents on products, Novartis had patented imatinib, with salts vaguely specified, in many countries but could not patent it in India.  The key differences between the two patent applications, were that 1998 patent application specified the counterion (Gleevec is a specific salt – imatinib mesylate) while the 1993 patent application did not claim any specific salts nor did it mention mesylate, and the 1998 patent application specified the solid form of Gleevec – the way the individual molecules are packed together into a solid when the drug itself is manufactured (this is separate from processes by which the drug itself is formulated into pills or capsules) – while the 1993 patent application did not.  The solid form of imatinib mesylate in Gleevec is beta crystalline.As provided under the TRIPS agreement, Novartis applied for Exclusive Marketing Rights (EMR) for Gleevec from the Indian Patent Office and the EMR was granted in November 2003.  Novartis made use of the EMR to obtain orders against some generic manufacturers who had already launched Gleevec in India.When examination of Novartis' patent application began in 2005, it came under immediate attack from oppositions initiated by generic companies that were already selling Gleevec in India and by advocacy groups.  The application was rejected by the patent office and by an appeal board.  The key basis for the rejection was the part of Indian patent law that was created by amendment in 2005, describing the patentability of new uses for known drugs and modifications of known drugs.  That section, 3d, specified that such inventions are patentable only if "they differ significantly in properties with regard to efficacy."    At one point, Novartis went to court to try to invalidate Section 3d; it argued that the provision was unconstitutionally vague and that it violated TRIPS.  Novartis lost that case and did not appeal. Novartis did appeal the rejection by the patent office to India's Supreme Court, which took the case.
The Supreme Court case hinged on the interpretation of Section 3d.  The Supreme Court issued its decision in 2013, ruling that the substance that Novartis sought to patent was indeed a modification of a known drug (the raw form of imatinib, which was publicly disclosed in the 1993 patent application and in scientific articles), that Novartis did not present evidence of a difference in therapeutic efficacy between the final form of Gleevec and the raw form of imatinib, and that therefore the patent application was properly rejected by the patent office and lower courts.


== Research ==
One study demonstrated that imatinib mesylate was effective in patients with systemic mastocytosis, including those who had the D816V mutation in c-KIT. However, since imatinib binds to tyrosine kinases when they are in the inactive configuration and the D816V mutant of c-KIT is constitutively active, imatinib does not inhibit the kinase activity of the D816V mutant of c-KIT.  Experience has shown, however, that imatinib is much less effective in patients with this mutation, and patients with the mutation comprise nearly 90% of cases of mastocytosis.
Imatinib was initially thought to have a potential role in the treatment of pulmonary hypertension. It was shown to reduce both the smooth muscle hypertrophy and hyperplasia of the pulmonary vasculature in a variety of disease processes, including portopulmonary hypertension. However, a long-term trial of Imatinib in people with pulmonary arterial hypertension was unsuccessful, and serious and unexpected adverse events were frequent. These included 6 subdural hematomas and 17 deaths during or within 30 days of study end.In systemic sclerosis, the drug has been tested for potential use in slowing down pulmonary fibrosis. In laboratory settings, imatinib is being used as an experimental agent to suppress platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) by inhibiting its receptor (PDGF-Rβ). One of its effects is delaying atherosclerosis in mice without or with diabetes.Mouse animal studies have suggested that imatinib and related drugs may be useful in treating smallpox, should an outbreak ever occur.In vitro studies identified that a modified version of imatinib can bind to gamma-secretase activating protein (GSAP). GSAP selectively increases the production and accumulation of neurotoxic beta-amyloid plaques, which suggests that molecules which target GSAP and are able to cross blood–brain barrier are potential therapeutic agents for treating Alzheimer's disease. Another study suggests that imatinib may not need to cross the blood–brain barrier to be effective at treating Alzheimer's, as the research indicates the production of beta-amyloid may begin in the liver. Tests on mice indicate that imatinib is effective at reducing beta-amyloid in the brain. It is not known whether reduction of beta-amyloid is a feasible way of treating Alzheimer's, as an anti-beta-amyloid vaccine has been shown to clear the brain of plaques without having any effect on Alzheimer symptoms.A formulation of imatinib with a cyclodextrin (Captisol) as a carrier to overcome the blood–brain barrier is also currently considered as an experimental drug for lowering and reversing opioid tolerance. Imatinib has shown reversal of tolerance in rats.
Imatinib is an experimental drug in the treatment of desmoid tumor or aggressive fibromatosis.


== See also ==
Bcr-Abl tyrosine-kinase inhibitor
History of cancer chemotherapy


== References ==


== External links ==
"Imatinib". Drug Information Portal. U.S. National Library of Medicine.
"Imatinib mesylate". Drug Information Portal. U.S. National Library of Medicine.
"Imatinib mesylate". National Cancer Institute.
<|endoftext|>
Emin Eldar oglu Amrullayev  (Azerbaijani: Emin Eldar oğlu Əmrullayev), is the current Minister of Education of the Republic of Azerbaijan (from July 2020), Director of the Institute of Education of the Republic of Azerbaijan (January 2020 – July 2020), Head of the Education Programs Development Department at the Ministry of Education of Azerbaijan (March 2015 – January 2020).


== Biography ==
Emin Amrullayev was born in Baku, Azerbaijan on 30 December 1982.


== Education ==
1999–2003 – Studied at the Academy of Public Administration under the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, graduated from the Public Administration Department and obtained Bachelor's degree
2003–2004 – Studied at the Central European University, graduated from the Department of Politics and Political Economy of Post-Communist Transition and obtained Master's degree
2010–2012 – Studied at the Columbia University in New York, graduated from the School of International and Public Affairs and obtained MPA in Advanced Economic and Policy Analysis


== Career ==
2004 – Emin Amrullayev started his career at the European Roma Rights Centre in Budapest, Hungary
2005–2009 – Lecturer at the International Relations department, Qafqaz University, Baku, Azerbaijan
2005–2010 – Free-lance consultant and trainer in international youth programs, Europe & Middle East
2009–2010 – Business Development Manager, Kaspi Education Center, Baku, Azerbaijan
2010–2012 – the Government of Azerbaijan Fellowship, Columbia University – School of International and Public Affairs
2011 – Intern at Gas Center, UN Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE), Geneva, Switzerland
2013–2014 – Head of Division on Quality Assurance, Ministry of Education, the Republic of Azerbaijan
2014–2015 – Deputy Head of Education Development Programs Department, Ministry of Education, the Republic of Azerbaijan
2015 – Co-founder of the European Student Forum, Baku, Azerbaijan
2015–2020 – Head of Education Developments Programs Department, Ministry of Education, the Republic of Azerbaijan
2020 – Emin Amrullayev was appointed Minister of Education of Azerbaijan by the order of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev on 27 July 2020.


== See also ==
Mikayil Jabbarov
Jeyhun Bayramov


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Kamil Střihavka (born 20 January 1965) is a Czech rock singer and musical actor. In 1986, he became a member of the power metal group Motorband. In 1992, he formed BSP with Ota Balage and Michal Pavlíček. He has also released several solo projects and sung in many musicals. In 2015, he was inducted into the Beatová síň slávy.


== Biography ==
Střihavka graduated in electrical engineering in Varnsdorf in 1983. In 1986, he started singing with the power metal group Motorband. He later switched from power metal to hard rock.
In 1992, he cofounded the trio BSP (Balage, Střihavka, Pavlíček). The group went on hiatus in 2006 and reformed in 2011. They have released two studio albums to date, BSP I (1993) and BSP II (1994).
Střihavka has performed in numerous stage musicals, including the Czech adaptation of the rock opera Jesus Christ Superstar at the former Divadlo Spirála in Prague. He performed the musical multiple times at this location between 1994 and 1998. Other musicals which Střihavka has been part of include Joan of Arc and Excalibur. He also sang the official anthem of the football club FK Teplice.
Currently, the artist leads his own band, named Kamil Střihavka & Leaders! Since November 2010, he has been performing Jesus Christ Superstar at the Musical Theatre Karlín. He is additionally a member of the musical theatre RockOpera Praha, with whom he has performed a variety of productions including Romeo and Juliet, Joan of Arc, and Robin Hood.
In 2015, he founded the Kamil Střihavka Theatre Company.Střihavka is a contributing member of the musical project Zima.
He has released two solo albums, Woo-Doo in 2002 and 365 in 2008.


== Personal life ==
Kamil is married and has two daughters, Eva and Tereza, with his wife Eva.


== Selected discography ==


=== with Motorband ===
Made in Germany (1990)


=== with BSP ===
BSP I (1993)
BSP II (1994)
The Best of BSP (Live at Retro Music Hall) (2008)


=== Kamil Střihavka & Zdeněk Mazač ===
No Guitars! (1995)
No Guitars...? (1998)


=== RockOpera Praha ===
Oidipus Tyranus (2011)
7 proti Thébám (2014)


=== Solo ===
Woo-Doo (2002)
365 (2008)
Kamil Střihavka 20 let na scéně - compilation of previous works (2009)


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
<|endoftext|>
The Perilous Road is an American Civil War novel by William O. Steele, published in 1958. It was awarded the Newbery Honor.


== Plot overview ==
Chris Brabson is a boy whose family lives in the mountains of eastern Tennessee during the Civil War.  His family encounters hard times when cavalry soldiers of the Union Army take most of his family's food and their only plow horse, leaving them little to sustain them through the winter. Chris vows to get even with the Yankees and is determined to fight for the Confederate Army.  Chris's brother Jethro, however, has recently joined the Union Army of the Tennessee, forcing Chris to examine his beliefs about war, courage, and tolerance.  Jethro's enlistment causes trouble for the Brabson family. Their neighbors, who are Confederate sympathizers, burn down their shed and threaten to do the same to their house.
Though Jethro is a Union soldier, Chris hates the Union troops.  When Chris finds out that there is a wagon train in the area, he alerts a friend of his, Silas Agee, who claims to be a Confederate spy.  Then he finds out that his brother's job in the Army is as a wagon driver.  Chris sets out to warn the wagon train to try to save Jethro's life. When he gets to the wagon train in search of Jethro, he is kindly greeted by Union troops who offer him food and conversation. He begins to change his perspective of the Yankees, having learned that they are not the hateful thieves he once viewed them as.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Dargeia is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae erected by Claude Herbulot in 1977.


== References ==
Pitkin, Brian & Jenkins, Paul. "Search results Family: Geometridae". Butterflies and Moths of the World. Natural History Museum, London.
<|endoftext|>
Pettah is a neighbourhood in Colombo, Sri Lanka located east of the City centre Fort. The Pettah neighborhood is famous for the Pettah Market, a series of open air bazaars and markets. It is one of Sri Lanka's busiest commercial areas, where a huge number of wholesale and retail shops, buildings, commercial institutions and other organisations are located.The main market segment is designed like a gigantic crossword puzzle, where one may traverse through the entire markets from dawn till dusk, but not completely cover every part of it.Pettah is derived from Tamil: Pettai, an Anglo-Indian word used to indicate a suburb outside a fort. Today, the Sinhala phrase, pita-kotuwa (outside the fort) conveniently describes the same place.


== Demographics ==
Pettah is a multi-religious and multi-ethnic area. Moors, Bohras and Memons are the predominant ethnic group found within Pettah, however an average amount of Sinhalese and Tamil populations also exist. There are also various other minorities, such as Burghers, Malays and others. Religions include Buddhism, Hinduism, Islam, Christianity and various other religions and beliefs to a lesser extent.


== Buildings and landmarks ==
Notable landmarks in the neighborhood include:

Wolvendaal Church
Jami Ul-Alfar Mosque
Kayman's Gate
former Colombo Town Hall
Colombo Dutch Museum
Khan Clock Tower
Sammangodu Sri Kathirvelayutha Swami Kovil
Old Town Hall Market
Federation of Self Employees Market
Manning Market
Pettah Floating Market
		
		


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Zuikaku (Japanese: 瑞鶴 "Auspicious Crane") was a Shōkaku-class aircraft carrier of the Imperial Japanese Navy. Her complement of aircraft took part in the attack on Pearl Harbor that formally brought the United States into the Pacific War, and she fought in several of the most important naval battles of the war, before being sunk during the Battle of Leyte Gulf.One of six carriers to participate in the Pearl Harbor attack, Zuikaku was the last of the six to be sunk in the war (four in the Battle of Midway and Shōkaku in the Battle of the Philippine Sea).


== Service history ==

In 1941, Zuikaku, under the command of Captain Yokokawa Ichibei, and her sister ship Shōkaku comprised Carrier Division 5. On 26 November 1941, she left Hitokappu Bay for the attack on Pearl Harbor as part of the Kido Butai ("Mobile Force"). Her aircraft complement consisted of 18 Mitsubishi A6M fighters, 27 Aichi D3A dive bombers, and 27 Nakajima B5N torpedo bombers. On 7 December, she launched two waves of aircraft against American military installations on the island of Oahu. In the first wave, 25 dive bombers attacked Wheeler Army Airfield and five fighters attacked the airbase at Kaneohe. In the second wave, 27 torpedo bombers, armed with bombs, attacked the airbase at Hickam Field. 
Zuikaku's aircraft also attacked the Australian bases at Rabaul on 20 January 1942 and Lae in New Guinea on 21 January. In April 1942, she took part in the Indian Ocean raid, striking the British naval bases at Colombo and Trincomalee on Ceylon, and sinking the Royal Navy aircraft carrier HMS Hermes and the heavy cruisers HMS Cornwall and Dorsetshire, also with the help of Shōkaku.


=== Battle of the Coral Sea ===
In May 1942, she was assigned along with Shōkaku to support Operation Mo, the invasion of Port Moresby, New Guinea. Alerted by intercepted and decrypted Japanese naval messages, the Americans dispatched the carriers USS Yorktown and Lexington to stop this operation. On 8 May 1942, during the Battle of the Coral Sea, the main carrier forces located one another and launched maximum-effort raids, which passed each other in the air. Hidden by a rain squall, Zuikaku escaped detection, but Shōkaku was hit three times by bombs and was unable to launch or recover her aircraft. In return, torpedo and dive bombers from both ships hit Lexington, which was later scuttled by torpedoes from an escorting destroyer. Zuikaku was undamaged in the battle, but sustained severe losses in aircraft and aircrew. This required her to return to Japan with her sister ship for resupply and aircrew training, and neither carrier was able to take part in the Battle of Midway in June 1942, where every carrier that participated in the Pearl Harbor attack besides the two Shōkaku class ships were sunk by American carrier based aircraft.


=== Battle for Guadalcanal ===
In August 1942, commanded by Captain Tameteru Notomo, Zuikaku was dispatched as part of the First Carrier Division along with the repaired Shōkaku and the light carrier Zuihō to oppose the American offensive in the Solomon Islands. On 24 August 1942, in the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, her aircraft severely damaged the carrier USS Enterprise. She was based at Truk for the next few months.
On 26 October 1942, in the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands, her aircraft again damaged the repaired Enterprise, and crippled USS Hornet (Hornet was abandoned after a failed scuttling attempt and later sunk by Japanese destroyers). However, Shōkaku and Zuihō were both severely damaged by American air attacks, and Zuikaku had to recover their surviving aircraft in addition to her own. Of the 110 aircraft launched by the three Japanese carriers, only 67 returned to Zuikaku.  She then returned to the home islands via Truk for training and aircraft ferrying duties.

In February 1943, she covered the evacuation of Japanese ground forces from Guadalcanal. In May, she was assigned to a mission to counterattack the American offensive in the Aleutian Islands, but this operation was cancelled after the Allied victory on Attu on 29 May 1943. Later in 1943, under the command of Captain Kikuchi Tomozo, she was again based at Truk and operated against U.S. forces in the Marshall Islands.


=== Battle of the Philippine Sea ===
In 1944, she was based at Singapore. In June, she was assigned to Operation A-Go, an attempt to repulse the Allied invasion of the Mariana Islands. On 19 June, in the Battle of the Philippine Sea, Taihō and Shōkaku were both sunk by American submarines, leaving Zuikaku, the only survivor of Carrier Division One, to recover the Division's few remaining aircraft. On 20 June, a bomb hit started a fire in the hangar, but Zuikaku's experienced damage control teams managed to get it under control, and she was able to escape under her own power. After this battle, Zuikaku was the only survivor of the six fleet carriers that had launched the attack on Pearl Harbor.


=== Battle off Cape Engaño ===

In October 1944, she was the flagship of Admiral Jisaburo Ozawa's decoy Northern Force in Operation Shō-Gō 1, the Japanese counterattack to the Allied landings on Leyte. On 24 October, as part of the depleted (just 108 aircraft across six carriers) Third Carrier Division, she launched aircraft along with the light carriers Zuihō, Chitose, and Chiyoda in an ineffective strike against the U.S. Third Fleet. Several of these aircraft were shot down, and the majority of the surviving aircraft did not return to the carriers, instead landing at Japanese land bases on Luzon. However, some of her aircraft made kamikaze attacks and helped sink the light carrier USS Princeton; and most of the others were sent to other surviving carriers and air bases, to later sink the escort carrier USS St. Lo during the Battle off Samar after again using the new kamikaze tactics. 
The next day, during the Battle off Cape Engaño, she launched her few remaining aircraft for combat air patrol, search, or to join the aircraft already on Luzon. She then came under heavy air attack and was hit by seven torpedoes and nine bombs. With Zuikaku listing heavily to port, Ozawa shifted his flag to the light cruiser Ōyodo. The order to abandon ship was issued at 13:58 and the naval ensign was lowered. Zuikaku rolled over and sank stern-first at 14:14, taking the lives of Rear Admiral (promoted from captain 10 days earlier) Kaizuka Takeo and 842 of the ship's crew; 862 officers and men were rescued by the destroyers Wakatsuki and Kuwa. Zuikaku was the last surviving Japanese carrier to have attacked Pearl Harbor before her loss. She was also the only Japanese fleet carrier (as opposed to a light carrier) to have been sunk by aircraft-launched torpedoes, as all others were sunk by dive bombers or submarine-launched torpedoes.


== Gallery ==

		
		
		


== Notes ==


== Bibliography ==
Brown, David (1977). WWII Fact Files: Aircraft Carriers. New York: Arco Publishing. ISBN 0-668-04164-1.
Brown, J. D. (2009). Carrier Operations in World War II. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-108-2.
Campbell, John (1985). Naval Weapons of World War Two. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 0-87021-459-4.
Chesneau, Roger (1995). Aircraft Carriers of the World, 1914 to the Present: An Illustrated Encyclopedia (New, Revised ed.). Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 0-87021-902-2.
Dickson, W. David (1977). "Fighting Flat-tops: The Shokakus". Warship International. Toledo, Ohio: International Naval Research Organization. XIV (1): 15–46.
Gill, G. Hermon (1968). Volume II – Royal Australian Navy, 1942–1945. Australia in the War of 1939–1945, Series 2: Navy. Canberra: Australian War Memorial.
Jentschura, Hansgeorg; Jung, Dieter & Mickel, Peter (1977). Warships of the Imperial Japanese Navy, 1869–1945. Annapolis, Maryland: United States Naval Institute. ISBN 0-87021-893-X.
Lengerer, Hans (2014). "The Aircraft Carriers of the Shōkaku Class".  In Jordan, John (ed.). Warship 2015. London: Conway. pp. 90–109. ISBN 978-1-84486-276-4.
Letourneau, Robert & Letourneau, Dennis (2012). Operation KE: The Cactus Air Force and the Japanese Withdrawal From Guadalcanal. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-61251-179-5.
Lundstrom, John B. (2005a). The First Team: Pacific Naval Air Combat from Pearl Harbor to Midway (New ed.). Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-471-X.
Lundstrom, John B. (2005b). The First Team and the Guadalcanal Campaign. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-526-8.
Peattie, Mark (2001). Sunburst: The Rise of Japanese Naval Air Power 1909–1941. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-432-6.
Polmar, Norman & Genda, Minoru (2006). Aircraft Carriers: A History of Carrier Aviation and Its Influence on World Events. Volume 1, 1909–1945. Washington, D.C.: Potomac Books. ISBN 1-57488-663-0. 
Shores, Christopher; Cull, Brian & Izawa, Yasuho (1992). Bloody Shambles. I: The Drift to War to the Fall of Singapore. London: Grub Street. ISBN 0-948817-50-X.
Shores, Christopher; Cull, Brian & Izawa, Yasuho (1993). Bloody Shambles. II: The Defence of Sumatra to the Fall of Burma. London: Grub Street. ISBN 0-948817-67-4.
Stille, Mark (2009). The Coral Sea 1942: The First Carrier Battle. Campaign. 214. Oxford, UK: Osprey Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84908-106-1.
Stille, Mark (2011). Tora! Tora! Tora:! Pearl Harbor 1941. Raid. 26. Oxford, UK: Osprey Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84908-509-0.
Stille, Mark (2007). USN Carriers vs IJN Carriers: The Pacific 1942. Duel. 6. Oxford, UK: Osprey Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84603-248-6.
Tully, Anthony P. (September 2010). "IJN Zuikaku: Tabular Record of Movement". Kido Butai. Combinedfleet.com. Retrieved 14 July 2015.
Zimm, Alan D. (2011). Attack on Pearl Harbor: Strategy, Combat, Myths, Deceptions. Havertown, Pennsylvania: Casemate Publishers. ISBN 978-1-61200-010-7.


== External links ==
Tabular record of movement from combinedfleet.com
<|endoftext|>
Mdundonyi is a settlement in Kenya's Coast Province.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Under the Whyte notation for the classification of steam locomotives by wheel arrangement, the 4-6-4+4-6-4 is a Garratt articulated locomotive. The wheel arrangement is effectively two 4-6-4 locomotives operating back to back, with the boiler and cab suspended between the two engine units. Each engine unit has two pairs of leading wheels in a leading bogie, followed by three coupled pairs of driving wheels and two pairs of trailing wheels in a trailing bogie. Since the 4-6-4 type is usually known as a Baltic, the corresponding Garratt type could be referred to as a Double Baltic.


== Overview ==
The 4-6-4+4-6-4 was the fifth most common Garratt wheel arrangement, with 84 locomotives constructed, 74 by Garratt patent owner Beyer, Peacock between 1936 and 1950 and ten under sub-contract from Beyer, Peacock by Belgian manufacturer Société Franco-Belge in 1952.Only three railway systems used this wheel arrangement. These were the Sudan Railways with ten locomotives of the 250 class and the Rhodesia Railways, now the National Railways of Zimbabwe, who owned 74, split between 34 of the 15th class and 40 of the 15A class. The Sudanese locomotives were later sold to Rhodesia who, in turn, subsequently sold them to Caminhos de Ferro de Moçambique.


== Usage ==


=== Mozambique ===
In 1964, ten ex-Sudanese 250 class locomotives were purchased by the Caminhos de Ferro de Moçambique from the Rhodesia Railways, who had acquired them from Sudan c. 1949 and used them as their 17th class. In Mozambique, they were used on the Beira railway from the port city of Beira to the Rhodesian (now Zimbabwean) border at Umtali (now Mutare). They remained in use into the 1980s, but their ultimate post-civil war fate is unclear and all of them are presumed to have been scrapped.


=== Southern Rhodesia ===

The Rhodesia Railways (RR) 15th class 4-6-4+4-6-4 was the second most numerous class of Garratt locomotives, with 74 locomotives built. Only the South African Class GMA 4-8-2+2-8-4 Double Mountain was more numerous at 120 locomotives.The 15th class was a development of the RR 16th class 2-8-2+2-8-2 Garratts, to meet a requirement for a locomotive with a larger driving wheel diameter for higher speed train service on the more level parts of the railway. After examining the Sudan Railways 250 class, the RR settled on a design with the same wheel arrangement and the same 57 inches (1,448 millimetres) diameter driving wheel diameter as that of the Sudanese Double Baltics.

Initially four locomotives were ordered in 1940, and having proved their worth, a further seventy locomotives were ordered in five batches after the Second World War. The last forty locomotives were designated as the 15A class, since they had boilers with the rated pressure increased from 180 to 200 pounds per square inch (1.24 to 1.38 megapascals).


=== Sudan ===
Ten 4-6-4+4-6-4 Garratt locomotives of the Sudan Railways 250 class were built in two batches for the Sudan Railways by Beyer, Peacock in 1936 and 1937. They were the only Garratt types on the Sudan Railways and were used on the Port Sudan to Atbara and Atbara to Wad Madani routes, until they were made redundant by diesel locomotives in 1949.They were then sold to the Rhodesia Railways, where they were designated 17th class and used alongside the RR’s 15th and 15A classes. In 1964, all ten locomotives were sold to the Caminhos de Ferro de Moçambique.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Oscar Lino Lopes Fernandes Braga (30 September 1931 – 26 May 2020) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Benguela, Angola. A priest since 26 July 1964, Braga Portugal was the Bishop of the Diocese of Benguela since 2 February 1975 until his retirement on 18 February 2008.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Arsenis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Gerasimos Arsenis (1931–2016), Greek politician
Kriton Arsenis (born 1977), Greek environmentalist and politician
<|endoftext|>
Tess of the Storm Country is a 1914 silent drama directed by Edwin S. Porter. It is based on the 1909 novel of the same name by Grace Miller White. It stars Mary Pickford, in a role she would reprise eight years later for the 1922 adaptation by John S. Robertson.In 2006, the film was named to the National Film Registry by the Librarian of Congress, for its "cultural, aesthetic, or historical significance".


== Plot ==
Tessibel Skinner is a young woman in a squatter village on the coast, where she lives with her father, a local fisherman. Towering above the village is the estate of Elias Graves, a wealthy man who hopes to use his influence to remove these squatters from his land. When his lawyer is unable to so directly, he instead enacts a ban on net fishing, removing the livelihoods of many people in the village, including Tess and her father.
Despite the ban, some continue to fish illegally, though they are soon confronted by men sent by Graves. In this confrontation, one of Graves’ men is shot and killed. Tess’ father is wrongfully accused of the murder and arrested. Meanwhile, through these altercations Tess meets Frederick Graves, Elias’ son, who is home on a break from his theological studies. Before long, the two begin a forbidden romance. Also on break with Frederick is Dan Jordan, a friend from his fraternity, who simultaneously falls in love with Frederick’s sister, Teola.
Soon after Dan and Frederick return to college, Teola learns that she is pregnant and struggles to decide if she should tell Dan. Her decision is made for her soon enough, as she receives a letter informing her that Dan has died heroically in a fire at the fraternity. Unable to confide in her very stern father, Teola is distraught and turns to Tess for support. Once the baby is born, Tess agrees to take the child and bear the social stigma of having a child out of wedlock.
Upon his return, Frederick is forced to shun Tess for her sin despite his remaining love for her. Soon, however, Teola’s baby falls ill and Tess decides to take him up to Elias’ church to be baptized. Disgusted by Tess and the child, Elias refuses, shaming them publicly. Teola, having witnessed her father’s anger, decides to step forward and admit the truth about her child. Tess is forgiven and it is decided that Teola will die with her son. Meanwhile, the true murderer is found, allowing Tess’ father to be released from prison.


== Production ==
The film was produced in 1914 by Adolf Zukor's Famous Players Film Company with a budget of $10,000. One of the first feature films to come out of early Hollywood, shooting was spread between the California cities of Del Mar and Santa Monica.When Zukor gave Mary Pickford the script to Tess of the Storm Country, she had to be persuaded to take the lead role. The script was based on a successful novel of the same name by Grace Miller White, but it eliminated much of the book's moral pieties, complexity, and regional dialect. What was left—and what gave Pickford pause—was melodramatic, clichéd, and direct.
Pickford eventually accepted the role due to the popularity of White's novel, but she chaffed under Edwin S. Porter's direction. She later told a film historian that Porter "knew nothing about directing. Nothing." The aging Porter was still employing an outdated approach to film-making that worked so successfully him in films like The Great Train Robbery (1903). For example, he resisted using camera movement to his advantage, decorated his sets with painted backdrops, refused to take advantage of film's illusion of depth, and relied heavily on intertitles to deliver narrative. Pickford, one of the most influential pioneers in film-making and acting, was used to working collaboratively with directors and cinematographers to get the best shot. She was also adept at modulating for the camera, commanding attention within a frame, and enchanting audiences. While Porter refused to consider Pickford's suggestions, she delivered a stunning performance and helped turn the film into a resounding success. She later pointed to the film as "the beginning of my career."


== Distribution ==
The film first released in US theaters on March 30, 1914 and was rapidly successful, particularly in propelling the fame of its star, Mary Pickford, to new heights. Distribution was handled by producer Daniel Frohman, one of the original founders of the Famous Players Film Company. The film survives today due to the preservation efforts of the Mary Pickford Foundation and the film archives of UCLA.


== Cast ==
Mary Pickford as Tessibel Skinner
Harold Lockwood as Frederick Graves
Olive Carey as Teola Graves
David Hartford as Daddy Skinner
Louise Dunlap as Old Mother Moll
William Walters as Elias Graves
Richard Garrick as Ben Letts
Eugene Walter as Ezra Longman
Jack Henry as Dan Jordan
H.R. Macy as DeForrest Young, Attorney at Law
H.L. Griffith as Old Longman
Milton Berle


== References ==


== External links ==
Tess of the Storm Country essay [1] by Eileen Whitfield at National Film Registry
Tess of the Storm Country at IMDb
Tess of the Storm Country at AllMovie
Tess of the Storm Country on Project Gutenberg
Tess of The Storm Country on Silent Era


== Further reading ==
Schmidt, Christel, ed. (2013). Mary Pickford: Queen of the Movies. Library of Congress/University Press of Kentucky. ISBN 978-0-8131-3647-9.
<|endoftext|>
Ellen Evert Hopman (born July 31, 1952, in Salzburg, Austria) is an author of both fiction and non-fiction, an herbalist, a lay homeopath, a lecturer, and a Mental Health Counselor who lives and works in Western Massachusetts. She is the author of several books and audio tapes on Paganism and Druidry, and three novels. She is a certified writing teacher with Amherst Writers and Artists and a multiple recipient of the Golden Oak Award. She was formerly a Professor of Wortcunning at the Grey School of Wizardry, where she taught herbalism, Celtic Neopaganism, Celtic history and Celtic lore. She is a professional member of the American Herbalists Guild and a member of the Grey Council of Mages and Sages. She has taught Druidry and herbalism in the United States, Scotland, Ireland and Canada, and has been a speaker and workshop leader at numerous Neopagan and New Age events, and a subject of articles in The New York Times.


== Education ==
Hopman graduated summa cum laude from Temple University, Philadelphia, PA with a B.S. in Art Education, and received a master's degree in Mental Health Counseling from the University of Massachusetts (Amherst) in 1990. She trained in Herbalism primarily with William LeSassier in New York in 1983, at the Findhorn Foundation in Scotland under Barbara D'Arcy Thompson, and received professional training at the National Center for Homeopathy.


== Druidry ==
Hopman joined the modern Druidic organization Ar nDraiocht Fein in 1984. She is a co-founder and former co-Chief of The Order of Whiteoak (Ord na Darach Gile), a Reconstructionist Druid organization. She held the position of vice president of the Henge of Keltria, an international Druid Fellowship, for nine years. She has been on the staff of Keltria: Journal of Druidism and Celtic Magick and has been a contributing author to many New Age and Pagan journals. She was the founder of The New England Druid Summit, a yearly gathering of Druids in New England. In 2009 she presented a paper on Celtic Cosmology at the International Center for Cultural Studies (ICCS) Conference on Spirituality in Indigenous Cultural and Religious Traditions.


== Broadcast media ==
Hopman has appeared on several radio and television programs including National Public Radio’s Vox Pop and the Gary Null Show in New York City. She was also featured in a segment of the series Living the Wiccan Life produced by The Witch School. She presented a weekly "herb report" for WRSI radio in Greenfield, MA, and was featured in a documentary about Druids on A&E Television’s The Unexplained (Sacred Societies, February 1999).


== Books ==
1992 - Tree Medicine, Tree Magic. Illustrated by Diana Green. Seattle, WA: Phoenix Publishing. ISBN 0-919345-55-7
1994 - A Druid's Herbal for the Sacred Earth Year. Destiny Books. ISBN 0-89281-501-9
1995 - People of the Earth: The New Pagans Speak Out (with Lawrence Bond) . Inner Traditions. ISBN 0-89281-559-0
2000 - Walking the World in Wonder: A Children's Herbal (with Steven Foster, photographer). Healing Arts Press. ISBN 0-89281-878-6
2001 - Being a Pagan: Druids, Wiccans, and Witches Today (with Lawrence Bond). (Revision of People of the Earth: The New Pagans Speak Out) Destiny Books. ISBN 0-89281-904-9
2008 - Priestess of the Forest: A Druid Journey. Llewellyn Publications. ISBN 978-0-7387-1262-8
2008 - A Druids Herbal of Sacred Tree Medicine. Inner Traditions International. ISBN 978-1-59477-230-6
2010 - The Druid Isle. Lewellyn. ISBN 978-0-7387-1956-6
2010 - Making Kitchen Medicines -  A Practical Guide. Dreamz-Work Productions, LLC ISBN 0982653301
2011 - Scottish Herbs and Fairy Lore. Pendraig Publishing ISBN 978-1-936922-01-7
2012 - Priestess of the Fire Temple - A Druid's Tale. LLewellyn. ISBN 978-0-7387-2925-1
2012 - The Secret Medicine of Your Kitchen. mPowr Publishing, London  ISBN 978-1-907282-58-4
2016 - A Legacy of Druids - Conversations with Druid leaders of Britain, the USA and Canada, Past and present ISBN 978-1-78535-135-8
2016 - Secret Medicines from Your Garden: Plants for Healing, Spirituality, and Magic. Healing Arts Press ISBN 9781620555576
2018 - The Real Witches of New England: History, Lore, and Modern Practice. Destiny Books ISBN 9781620557723
2018 - Tree Medicine Tree Magic: 2nd Edition. Pendraig Publishing. ISBN 978-1-936922-89-5
2019 - The Sacred Herbs of Samhain. Destiny Books ISBN 9781620558614


== Video ==
Gifts from the Healing Earth: Volume I. Sawmill River Productions ISBN 1-930477-06-6
Gifts from the Healing Earth: Volume II. Sawmill River Productions
Pagans: The Wheel of the Sacred Year. Sawmill River Productions ISBN 1-930477-00-7
Celtic Cosmology (2009) Sawmill River Productions


== References ==
10. Secret Medicines from Your Garden WINNER of the 2016 Thomas DeBaggio International Herb Association Annual Book Award


== Further reading ==
Dougherty, Anne Kathleen (December 11, 2004) Herbal Voices: American Herbalism Through the Words of American Herbalists (pgs 217-226) Routledge ISBN 0789022044, ISBN 978-0789022042
Wildman, Laura (2005) Celebrating the Pagan Soul (pgs 100-103) Citadel Press ISBN 0806526246, ISBN 978-0806526249
Druids: Moving Forward, Remembering the Past in Patheos, Aug. 23, 2010
Ellen Evert Hopman: Herbalist, Scholar, Celtic Pagan. Interview with Carl McColeman - originally printed in New Leaves (March/April 1999 issue)
The Herbalist's Path: Ellen Evert Hopman in Witches and Pagans, Sept. 12, 2013 in Witches and Pagans
A Basic Herbal Liqueur Recipe in Witches and Pagans, Aug. 26, 2013
Hag's Tapers for Halloween in Witches and Pagans, Sept. 12, 2013
Wildcrafting Herbs: Know Your Roots in Witches and Pagans, Oct. 5, 2013
Bee Medicine – The Splendors of Honey in Witches and Pagans, Nov. 18, 2013
Communicating with Plants in Witches and Pagans, Dec. 20, 2013
Tortorello, Michael (Oct. 30, 2013) If a Druid Rings the Doorbell, New York Times Home & Garden Section
Tortorello, Michael (Oct. 30, 2013) Plants With Spirit, New York Times Home & Garden Section
Pagans: The Wheel of the Year (1999) (Excerpt of DVD)
Gifts from the Healing Earth – Vol I (Excerpt of DVD)
Blackwell, Christopher (Imbolc 2014) Catching up with a Busy Druid: Interview with Ellen Evert Hopman - Herbalist, Author and Druid, Action Magazine
Greenfield Recorder interview, Secret Medicines from Your Garden with Ellen Evert Hopman (August 20, 2016)
A Faerie Interview with Ellen Evert Hopman. [1] Faerie Magazine, September, 2018.


== External links ==
Willow's Grove - Ellen Evert Hopman - Ellen Evert Hopman's website
Ord na Darach Gile - Druid Order of WhiteOak
<|endoftext|>
Monroe is a town in Washington and Monroe townships, Adams County, Indiana, United States. The population was 842 at the 2010 census. Adams Central Community Schools is located in Monroe.


== History ==
Monroe was platted in 1847. It was named for James Monroe, fifth President of the United States.Monroe was originally the Adams County seat but this was moved to Decatur after flooding problems in the town.The Monroe area has consistently been the US region with the highest percentage of people descended from those of Swiss nationality. Most local residents who have Swiss heritage are of Anabaptist faith, or have Swiss Mennonite and Swiss Amish backgrounds, as this area of Indiana was settled by Swiss Anabaptists in the 1800s. Local Amish still speak a Swiss German dialect, which is distinct from most other Amish, who speak a Pennsylvania German dialect.


== Geography ==
Monroe is located at 40°44′40″N 84°56′26″W (40.744555, -84.940506).According to the 2010 census, Monroe has a total area of 0.63 square miles (1.63 km2), all land.


== Demographics ==


=== 2010 census ===
As of the census of 2010, there were 842 people, 310 households, and 239 families living in the town. The population density was 1,336.5 inhabitants per square mile (516.0/km2). There were 322 housing units at an average density of 511.1 per square mile (197.3/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 99.0% White, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% from other races, and 0.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.3% of the population.
There were 310 households, of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were married couples living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.9% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.15.
The median age in the town was 34.7 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 23.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.


=== 2000 census ===
As of the census of 2000, there were 734 people, 274 households, and 215 families living in the town. The population density was 1,529.3 people per square mile (590.4/km2). There were 287 housing units at an average density of 598.0 per square mile (230.9/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 97.82% White, 0.14% Native American, 0.41% from other races, and 1.63% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.13% of the population.  The town holds the distinction of the having the highest percentage of people with Swiss ancestry, followed by nearby Berne, Indiana, according to the 2000 U.S. Census.
There were 274 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.8% were married couples living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.5% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.09.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $42,946, and the median income for a family was $49,821. Males had a median income of $32,308 versus $25,750 for females. The per capita income for the town was $16,682. About 1.4% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 2.9% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.


== References ==


== External links ==
<|endoftext|>
Kang Seung-Jo (Korean: 강승조; born January 20, 1986) is a South Korea football player who plays for Kelantan in the Malaysia Premier League.


== Club career ==
He played for many K League sideds including Busan IPark, Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, Gyeongnam FC, FC Seoul. He scored 1 goals in 2014 AFC Champions League.


== References ==


== External links ==
Kang Seung-jo – K League stats at kleague.com (in Korean)
Kang Seung-jo – National Team stats at KFA (in Korean)
<|endoftext|>
Tikhon of Zadonsk (secular name Timofey Savelyevich Sokolov, Russian: Тимофей Савельевич Соколов; 1724–1783) was a Russian Orthodox bishop and spiritual writer who was glorified (canonized) as saint of the Orthodox Church.
He was born in the village of Korotsko, in the Novgorod region, Russia.  He was tonsured a monk at the age of thirty-four and later consecrated Bishop of Voronezh. He served as bishop for a little under seven years and retired to the monastery of Zadonsk because of poor health. He lived there until he died.
On May 14, 1846, during the construction of the new cathedral at Zadonsk, Tikhon's relics were uncovered and reported to be incorrupt. His relics were kept in Zadonsk. It was reported that many miracles occurred near his relic, so he was made a saint by the Russian Orthodox Church in 1861.  His feast day is celebrated on August 13, Julian calendar (August 26, Gregorian Calendar). As a result, another feast day, the Uncovering of the Relics of Saint Tikhon of Zadonsk was instituted to be celebrated annually on May 14.
The life and works of Tikhon inspired Dostoevsky and are reflected in the character of Bishop Tikhon in Demons and the characters of Alyosha Karamazov and the Elder Zosima in The Brothers Karamazov.


== Sayings ==
"Try to know yourself, your own wickedness. Think on the greatness of God and your wretchedness. Meditate on the suffering of Christ, the magnitude of Whose love and suffering surpass our understanding. Ascribe the good that you do to God alone. Do not think about the sin of a brother but about what in him is better than in yourself .... Flee from glory, honors and praise, but if this is impossible, be sorry that such is your lot. Be benevolent to people of low origin. Be freely and willingly obedient not only to those above you but to those below .... The lowlier we are in spirit, the better we know ourselves, and without humility we cannot see God."
"Just as the body has an ear, so also does the soul. Not everybody has an ear that is open, nor does every soul. God commands the soul: do not kill, do not steal, do not commit adultery, turn away from evil and do good, etc. The soul whose ears are open, hears and listens to God speaking and does what God commands. Truly, such a soul cannot but hear God and obey His commandments if it has its ears open. Men listen and carry out the commands of earthly kings and lesser authorities, and will not a soul listen to God speaking if it has its ears open? Of course ! And with what fervor and delight will it not listen and say to Him: Ready is my heart, O God, ready is my heart (Ps. 107:2 LXX)
"For love does not seek its own, it labors, sweats, watches to build up the brother: nothing is inconvenient to love, and by the help of God it turns the impossible into the possible .... Love believes and hopes .... It is ashamed of nothing. Without it, what is the use of prayer? What use are hymns and singing? What is the use of building and adorning churches? What is mortification of the flesh if the neighbor is not loved? Indeed, all are of no consequence .... As an animal cannot exist without bodily warmth, So no good deed can be alive without true love; it is only the pretence of a good deed."


== References ==
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary (in Russian). 1906. 


== Published works ==
St Tikhon of Zadonsk - Journey To Heaven- Counsels on the particular duties of every Christian 1870, ISBN 0-88465-046-4


== External links ==
Tikhon of Zadonsk article from OrthodoxWiki
St Tikhon. Bishop of Voronezh and Wonderworker of Zadonsk and All Russia Orthodox icon and synaxarion
<|endoftext|>
The Painter of Acropolis 606 (sometimes Painter of Athens 606) was a black-figure vase painter, active around 570–560 BC.
His name vase is a dinos discovered on the Athenian Acropolis and now on display in the National Museum at Athens (inventory acr. 606). The vase is representative of the "new seriousness" which was then emerging in Attic painting. On its main frieze, it depicts a battle between warriors and chariots. R.M. Cook says:

"There is in these figures a severity and even grimness that comes partly from the solid forms, partly from their workmanlike action; the detail too is plainer. Spruce elegance has given way to a robuster appreciation of anatomy, and the strong full features make the figures look larger than life ... this is a sombre masterpiece."
The subsidiary friezes are of animals, plants and horsemen. On the lower part, there is an eddy of animal figures, resembling the work of Kleitias. His sensitivity for colour and details also resembles that artist. He took a careful interest in the posture of his figures, and expended much effort on such details as armour or helmets. He painted many so-called Rider amphorae, with a more pronounced belly than normal amphorae and a decorative scheme comparable to that of Horsehead Amphorae.


== Bibliography ==
Cook, Robert Manuel (1997). Greek Painted Pottery. Psychology Press. pp. 80–. ISBN 978-0-415-13859-8. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Beazley, John: Attic Black-figure Vase-painters. Oxford 1956, p. 81.
Boardman, John: Schwarzfigurige Vasen aus Athen. Ein Handbuch, von Zabern, 4. edn, Mainz 1994 (Kulturgeschichte der Antiken Welt, Vol 1) ISBN 3-8053-0233-9, p. 39
<|endoftext|>
A plug in sanitation is an object that is used to close a drainage outlet firmly.
The insertion of a plug into a drainage outlet allows the container to be filled with water or other fluids. In contrast to screw on caps, plugs are pushed into the hole and are not put over the hole.
Plugs are most commonly encountered in the bathroom or kitchen, for use in bathtubs, wash basins or sinks.


== Traditional plugs ==
Typically plugs are made from a soft material, such as rubber, or have a soft outer rim, so that they can be fitted to holes slightly smaller than their diameter; this ensures a tight seal. They are often connected by a ball chain which ensures the plug may be pulled from the drain with relative ease.


== Pop-up plugs ==

Some modern plugholes dispense with the need for a separate plug, having instead a built-in 'pop-up plug' operated by a handle on the sink, that can move up or down to open or close the plughole.


== See also ==
Pipe plug
<|endoftext|>
HMS Fawn was a Palmer three funnel, 30 knot destroyer ordered by the Royal Navy under the 1896 – 1897 Naval Estimates.  She was the fourth ship to carry this name.


== Construction ==
Fawn was laid down on 5 September 1896 at the Palmer shipyard at Jarrow-on-Tyne and launched on 13 April 1897.  During her builder's trials she made her contracted speed requirement.  She was completed and accepted by the Royal Navy in December 1898.


== Pre-War ==
Fawn was commissioned at Portsmouth 27 August 1901 by Lieutenant and Commander J. A. Ingles and assigned to the Channel Fleet.  She spent her early operational career in Home Waters operating with the Channel Fleet as part of the Portsmouth Flotilla. On 2 April 1902 she was commissioned to relieve the destroyer Hardy at the Mediterranean station, under the command of Lieutenant Robert W. Myburgh. She left Portsmouth in late May, arriving at Malta on 9 June 1902. In September 1902 she visited Nauplia with other ships of the fleet.
She returned to Home Waters in 1906.
On 30 August 1912, the Admiralty directed all destroyer classes were to be designated by alpha characters starting with the letter 'A'.  Since her design speed was 30 knots (56 km/h; 35 mph) and she had three funnels, she was assigned to the C class.  After 30 September 1913, she was known as a C-class destroyer and had the letter ‘C’ painted on the hull below the bridge area and on either the fore or aft funnel.


== World War I ==
In July 1914 Fawn was deployed in the 6th Destroyer Flotilla based at Dover. In November 1916 she was transferred to the 7th Flotilla on the Humber River. During her deployment there she was involved in anti-submarine and counter-mining patrols.


== Disposition ==
In 1919 Fawn was paid off and laid-up in reserve awaiting disposal. She was sold on 23 July 1919 to Thos W Ward of Sheffield for breaking at New Holland, Lincolnshire, on the Humber Estuary.She was awarded the Battle Honour Belgian Coast 1914 – 18 for her service.


== Pennant numbers ==


== References ==
Note:  All tabular data under General Characteristics only from the listed Jane's Fighting Ships volume unless otherwise specified


== Bibliography ==
Chesneau, Roger & Kolesnik, Eugene M., eds. (1979). Conway's All The World's Fighting Ships 1860–1905. London: Conway Maritime Press. ISBN 0-85177-133-5.
Colledge, J. J.; Warlow, Ben (2006) [1969]. Ships of the Royal Navy: The Complete Record of all Fighting Ships of the Royal Navy (Rev. ed.). London: Chatham Publishing. ISBN 978-1-86176-281-8.
Dittmar, F. J. & Colledge, J. J. (1972). British Warships 1914–1919. Shepperton, UK: Ian Allan. ISBN 0-7110-0380-7.
Friedman, Norman (2009). British Destroyers: From Earliest Days to the Second World War. Barnsley, UK: Seaforth Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84832-049-9.
Gardiner, Robert & Gray, Randal, eds. (1985). Conway's All The World's Fighting Ships 1906–1921. London: Conway Maritime Press. ISBN 0-85177-245-5.
Lyon, David (2001) [1996]. The First Destroyers. London: Caxton Editions. ISBN 1-84067-3648.
Manning, T. D. (1961). The British Destroyer. London: Putnam & Co. OCLC 6470051.
March, Edgar J. (1966). British Destroyers: A History of Development, 1892–1953; Drawn by Admiralty Permission From Official Records & Returns, Ships' Covers & Building Plans. London: Seeley Service. OCLC 164893555.
<|endoftext|>
Toi Inagawa (稲川 土肥 Inagawa Toi; 1940 – May 29, 2005), a.k.a. Yuko Inagawa (稲川 裕紘 Inagawa Yuko), was kaicho (Godfather) of the Inagawa-kai yakuza gang in Japan from 1990 until 2005. He was also 2nd socho of the Inagawa-ikka.
Inagawa was the son of Kakuji Inagawa, the gang's founder. In 1990, he took over from Susumu Ishii to become the Inagawa-kai's third kaicho.
Toi Inagawa died in May 2005. As of October 2005, a clear successor has not emerged, but Inagawa's son Hideki Inagawa is seen as the most likely candidate.


== References ==
Gang boss quits; turf war looms. Source: The Yomiuri Shimbun (Tokyo, Japan) (via Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News)
<|endoftext|>
This is a list of notable Iranian-Americans of all Iranian ethnic backgrounds, including both original immigrants who obtained American citizenship and their American descendants.
To be included in this list, the person must have a Wikipedia article showing they are Iranian-American or must have references showing they are Iranian American.


== Academia and science ==


== Arts and entertainment ==


== Business and technology ==


== Literature ==


== Media and journalism ==


== Music ==


== Politics ==


== Sports ==


== Religion ==
Shua'u'llah Behai, known in the Baháʼí tradition as "Mirza Shua'u’llah". Eldest grandson of Bahá'u'lláh, the founder-prophet of the Baháʼí Faith, and son of Mírzá Muhammad `Alí. Only known descendant of the Baháʼí prophet to have become an American citizen
Jacob David, pastor and relief worker
David Shofet, founder and Chief Rabbi of the Nessah Synagogue in Beverly Hills, California. Son of former Chief Rabbi of Iran Yedidia Shofet and current recognized spiritual leader of Persian Jewry
Yedidia Shofet, former Chief Rabbi of Iran and spiritual leader of worldwide Persian Jewry
Ahmad Sohrab, Baháʼí, author who served as Abdu'l-Bahá's secretary and interpreter (1912-1919). Co-founder of the New History Society and Caravan of East and West in New York City, which aimed to spread the teachings of the Baháʼí Faith through international correspondence and education. Ex-communicated from the Baháʼí Faith by Shoghi Effendi in 1939


== Other ==
Gelareh Bagherzadeh, an Iranian residing in Houston, Texas, killed in 2012 in an honor killing perpetrated by Ali Irsan


== See also ==
Modern Iranian scientists and engineers
US-Iran relations
List of British Iranians
List of Iranian artists
List of Iranian women artists
List of Iranians


== References ==


== External links ==
List of top Iranian-American entrepreneurs
"Iranian-Americans Have Reached Highest Echelons Of Tech, But Still Failed To Stop Visa Restriction". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-07-17.
"How The MIT Of Iran Helps Create Silicon Valley Startups". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-07-17.
<|endoftext|>
David Scudamore was the 1997 US Marathon champion.


== Palos Verdes High School ==
He was the first All-state Cross Country runner from Palos Verdes High School in Palos Verdes, CA in 1987.  Later, he finished in fifth place in the 3200 meters at the 1988 CIF California State Meet.


== Leland Stanford University ==
Dave is a 2 time All-Pac-10 Academic Honoree at Stanford University in 1990 and 1991.


== Professional running ==
Later he graduated and ran for the Nike Farm team in Palo Alto, CA. He won the Pittsburgh Marathon in 1997, and in the 2000 United States Olympic Marathon Trials he finished 6th in a world class field. In the 1997 World championship Marathon, he finished 13th overall.


== Honors ==
After suffering an injury to his achilles in 1995, normally a career ending injury, he came back after surgery to win the National Marathon Championships two years later.  His training of cycles between 120 miles a week and 105 miles a week, never exceeding 25 miles on a long run were considered conservative for a marathoner.  He was named to the Rehab and Sports Medicine Hall of Fame in 2008.


== Personal life ==
His son Harrison finished 13 at the 2017 Foot Locker Cross Country Championships while a senior at Denver East High School.  30 years earlier, David finished 10th in the same race after finishing 15th the year before.


== Achievements ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Bulbophyllum subsecundum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.


== References ==
The Bulbophyllum-Checklist
The Internet Orchid Species Photo Encyclopedia
<|endoftext|>
The March to the Drina (Serbian Cyrillic: Марш на Дрину, pronounced [mârʃ na drǐːnu]) is a Serbian patriotic march which was composed by Stanislav Binički during World War I. Binički dedicated it to his favourite commander in the Serbian Army, Col. Milivoje Stojanović, who had fought during the Battle of Cer, but was killed later in the Battle of Kolubara. The song experienced widespread popularity during and after the war and came to be seen by Serbs as a symbol of resistance to the Central Powers. Following World War II, it was popular in Socialist Yugoslavia where a single release in 1964 achieved Gold Record status. The march was played at the presentation ceremony for the Nobel Prize in Literature when Yugoslav writer Ivo Andrić was named a Nobel laureate in 1961.
Serbian lyrics to the song were written many decades after Binički composed it, by poet and journalist Miloje Popović, in 1964 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Battle of Cer. English lyrics were added in 1964 by American songwriter Vaughn Horton for a recording by Patti Page under the title Drina (Little Soldier Boy). German lyrics were added by Walter Rothenburg in 1964 and Bert Olden in 1976. Italian lyrics were added in 1964 by Daniele Pace for the recording by Marie Laforêt. Milutin Popović Zahar added Serbian lyrics to a version entitled "Svirajte mi Marš na Drinu" in 1989.
An eponymous 1964 Yugoslav film was made by the Avala Film studio in Belgrade that featured the march in a historical dramatization of the 1914 Battle of Cer.


== History ==


=== World War I ===

The Drina River is an important symbol of Serbian national identity, serving as the boundary between Bosnia and Serbia. By the outbreak of World War I, Bosnia had been under the control of Austria-Hungary since 1878. The Serbian defeat of Austro-Hungarian forces at the Battle of Cer in August 1914 was the first Allied victory over the Central Powers during World War I. Stanislav Binički composed what became known as March on the Drina shortly after the battle to commemorate the Serbian victory. He dedicated it to his favourite commander in the army, Pukovnik or Colonel Milivoje Stojanović Brka, who fought at the Battle of Cer but who was killed in a subsequent battle in December. His composition was initially titled March to Victory. Some scholars have hypothesized that Binički based his work on an Ottoman Turkish military march. March on the Drina symbolized the desire of Serbs in the Kingdom of Serbia to unite with those living in Bosnia. The song experienced widespread popularity during and after World War I. It was seen as a symbol of Serbian resistance to the Central Powers and became one of the most famous Serbian nationalist songs, as described by author Eric D. Gordy.


=== Post-war ===
The song was popular in Socialist Yugoslavia during the Josip Broz Tito era after World War II. It was released as a single and other formats on the Zagreb-based Yugoton label in Croatia. The recording by Ansambl Urosevic was awarded a Zlatna Ploca or Gold Record for their single release on Jugoton. The Communist film studio Avala also released a film in 1964 based on the march which featured the tune. Moreover, at the height of the Yugoslav Communist or Josip Broz Tito era, a journalist published Serbian lyrics to the song in 1964. It was played at the presentation ceremony for the Nobel Prize in Literature when Serbian writer Ivo Andrić was named a Nobel laureate in 1961.Serbian lyrics to the song were written in 1964 in Socialist Yugoslavia by poet and journalist Miloje Popović to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Battle of Cer. A Yugoslavian war film based on the events of World War I, also titled March on the Drina, was released the same year.
The Socialist Party of Serbia used the song as the soundtrack for an important promotional spot on Serbian television prior to the 1992 Serbian general elections. That year, the song was chosen to be the national anthem of Serbia. The Serbian National Assembly later bypassed the decision, deeming the song too provocative and adopted the royalist anthem Bože pravde instead.In 2013, the song was at the centre of a controversy after it was performed by a Serbian choir entertaining the United Nations General Assembly. Vuk Jeremić, the President of the United Nations General Assembly, Ban Ki-moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, and other United Nations officials gave the song a standing ovation. Bosniak organizations responded to the performance by demanding that Jeremić be removed from his position as President of the United Nations General Assembly. Jeremić stated that "we [Serbs] are very proud of it [the song] and wanted to share it with the world". He went on to say that "regrettable attempts at twisting the meaning of our musical gift offered to the world last Monday are deeply offensive to the Serbian people". The United Nations later apologized for the ovation and Ban Ki-moon expressed regret that some were offended by the song.


== 1964 Serbian lyrics ==
There were many different lyrics set to the music in several languages, English, German, and Italian, including those written in 1964 in Serbian by the poet and journalist Miloje Popović to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Battle of Cer in Communist or Josip Broz Tito era Yugoslavia. Only four verses of Miloje Popovic's 1964 poem were recorded in 1966 by vocalist Ljubivoje Vidosavljević and the Narodni Orkestar "Carevac".


== International hit ==

The composition became an international hit and a staple of world music. Swedish composer Felix Stahl obtained the rights to the song which he published and promoted. Danish guitarist Jørgen Ingmann had a number one hit on the Danish pop singles chart in 1963 in a version arranged for solo electric guitar on the Swedish Metronome Records label. His recording was also released in West Germany, where it reached #5, in the UK, in France, and in the U.S. on ATCO Records, 6277. Patti Page, The Shadows, Chet Atkins, Frankie Yankovic, Horst Wende, and James Last also recorded the song.


== Popular international versions ==
Jørgen Ingmann – "Marchen Til Drina" as a Metronome 45 single, B 1575, Denmark, 1963. Charts: #1, Denmark; #5, Germany
The Shadows – "March to Drina" on the EMI Records album Shadow Music (1966)
Patti Page – "Drina (Little Soldier Boy)" released as a Columbia 45 A side single, 43078, US; EP in Portugal, CBS 6195, 1964. English lyrics were written by American songwriter Vaughn Horton.
Chet Atkins – "Drina" on the RCA Victor album From Nashville With Love, 1966
James Last – on the Polydor LP Trumpet A Go Go, Vol. 3, Germany, 1968; James Last recorded the song in 1988 with Dutch flutist Berdien Stenberg, Flute Fiesta LP, Polydor 837 116-1
Marie Laforêt – on the 1964 album Cantante Dagli Occhi D'oro in Italian with lyrics by Daniele Pace, Italy.
The Nashville String Band featuring Chet Atkins and Homer and Jethro – "Drina" on the eponymous RCA Victor album, 1969
Frankie Yankovic – "Drina (Little Soldier Boy)" on the CBS LP Saturday Night Polka Party, 1967
Radomir Mihailović Točak – "Marš..." on the EP "Marš..." / "...na Drinu" (PGP RTB 1984), Yugoslavia
Les Compagnons de la chanson as a Polydor 45 single in 1964 with German lyrics by Walter Rothenburg
Lill-Jorgen Petersen released the song in a trumpet arrangement on Columbia in Sweden.
Laibach – "Mars on River Drina" on the album NATO (1994), Slovenia, released on the Mute label, based in London
The Jokers – "Drina" as a Discostar and Brunswick 45 single, Belgium, 1963
The Spotnicks – "Drina" as a 45 single on Swedisc and W & G, Sweden; on CNR in the Netherlands as "Drina Mars", 1964. Rerecorded in 1977. Charts: #8, the Netherlands, 1964.
Leon Young String Chorale- "Drina" as a 45 single, UK, Columbia, 7236, 1964
Will Glahé's Bohème Ballhouse Band – "Drina Marsch" on Decca LP, 1964; 45 A side single, Decca D 19473, West Germany, 1963.
Vojni Orkestar Garnizona Zagreb, as "Na Drini" on the LP Moja Domovina: Koračnice Jugoslavenske Narodne Armije, Jugoton, 1971.
Bert Landers & Konrad Grewe – "Drina Marsch" from the album Schlager-Cocktail: Die 16 Spitzenschlager
Horst Wende und sein Orchester – "Drina Marsch", Polydor 52 172, 7" 45 single, Germany, 1963; Roberto Delgado, pseudonym of Horst Wende, released as 45 single with picture sleeve in Italy as by Roberto Delgado e la sua orchestra, "March to Drina", Polydor 52172
Die Kirmesmusikanten – "Drina Marsch", 7" 45 single, RCA, Germany, 1975.
Gunter Noris und die Big Band der Bundeswehr – WM-Parade, CBS 80218, Germany, 1974
Jack Bulterman – "Drina" as an A side 45 picture sleeve single, 1963, Netherlands
Arne Domnerus Sekstett – on the LP Ja, Vi Älskar, Zarepta ZA 36010, Norway, 1978
South African organist Cherry Wainer – on the LP Musik Im Blut, Discoton 75289, Germany; Hammond Organ: Light and Lively, double LP album, Polydor, 583 570, UK, 1964; Rhythmus im Blut LP, Polydor, 237 359, Germany, 1967; Cherry Wainer and Her Magic Hammond Organ LP, on Polydor, 236 036, 1967; Hammond Non Stop LP, Polydor Special 2418-188, 1969
Ljubivoje Vidosavljević, Narodni Orkestar Carevac – "Marš Na Drinu", with lyrics by Miloje Popovic, PGP RTB, EP 12298, Yugoslavia, 1966
Kurt Henkels und sein Tanzorchester, 1973
Bauernkapelle Mindersdorf – on the album In der Musikscheune, Tyrolis, Germany, 2008
Countdown Studio Band in 2006 as "Drina March"
Moravian Wind Band on the CD collection Leuchtturm, 2003
Captain Harp – on the LP Harmonica Highlights as "Drina-Marsch" as part of "Balkan Medley" by the Picca-Trio in an arrangement for harmonica, ZYX Music, 2010
Henry Arland and Hans Bertram – "Drina Marsch (Mars na Drini)", or "Drina (In den Bergen singt der Wind)", on the LP Clarinet Fascination, Polydor, 2371 208, 1972
Bob Kaper's The Beale Street Jazz Band – "Drina-March" b/w "Dominique", 45 picture sleeve single, RCA 47-9509, Dutch Amsterdam pressing.
Ansambl "Urosevic" featuring violinist Vlastimir Pavlovic Carevac, on Metronome in Sweden, on Jugoton in Yugoslavia, 1963
Gordana Lazarevic – "Svirajte Mi Mars na Drinu" ("Play Me 'The March on the Drina'"), lyrics by Milutin Popovic Zahar, PGP RTB, 1989
Herbert Wetzler und seine Musikanten
Franca Siciliano as "Drina" on Silver Record, XP 616, backed with "Ma cos'hai?" in Italy in 1966
Czech guitarist Karel Duba in 1966 on Supraphon
South African version of "March on the Drina" as "Drina March" by Dan Hill and Sounds Electronic, '8' LP, 42 Great Hits Perfect For Dancing, on RPM Records, 1037 S, 1969
Fischer Choir, Fischer-Chöre, as "Drina-Marsch" on the Polydor album Das Große Spiel, The Great Game, Polydor 2371 500, Germany, 1974. The orchestra was under the direction of Hans Bertram. This vocal version features German lyrics written by Walter Rothenburg
Czech vocalist Karel Gott on the album Singet und freut euch des Lebens, as "Drina-Marsch" with lyrics by Bert Olden, Polydor, 2371695, 1976
Dusko Jaksic released the song on the Mars na Drinu CD album, PGP RTB, Yugoslavia, 2000
The Dutch band Boemerang recorded the song as "Drina Mars" on the various artists album 84 Heerlijke Hollandse Hittroeven released in 2001
German trumpeter Walter Scholz on the 2012 collection Rosen nur für dich as "Drina"
Viva Vox Choir at the United Nations General Assembly session in a vocalized version in 2013 introduced by the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Ban Ki-Moon


== Notes ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Audio Recording
Mars na Drinu (1964) at IMDB.
1963 recording by Jorgen Ingmann on Metronome Records.
1964 recording by Cherry Wainer on Hammond organ on Polydor Records.
1967 recording by Frankie Yankovic on Columbia Records.
<|endoftext|>
Jiangxi Provincial Parliament (Chinese: 江西省議會) was the highest legislature of Jiangxi between 1912 and 1924.
Jiangxi Provincial Parliament was created on 1 February 1912, based on Jiangxi Provincial Consultative Bureau (江西省諮議局). After 3 congresses held in 1912, 1918, 1921, the Parliament was dislocated owing to numerous wars during the Northern Expedition and other political reasons.


== References ==
ZHOU Fangshang, Jiangxi Provincial Parliament of the Early period of ROC, 1989
<|endoftext|>
The 1987–88 St. John's Redmen basketball team represented St. John's University during the 1987–88 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was coached by Lou Carnesecca in his twentieth year at the school. St. John's home games are played at Alumni Hall and Madison Square Garden and the team is a member of the Big East Conference.


== Roster ==


== Schedule and results ==


== Rankings ==


== Team players drafted into the NBA ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Taman Seraya (SMK Taman Seraya) is a secondary school located in Selangor, Malaysia. It was established in 1989. The school moved to its current location in November, 1998. When first opened, the school had 212 students and eight teachers and operated between 13:15 and 18:41 each day. The first principal was Encik Bisri bin Singat.
The school is made up of four separate blocks. The fourth block was constructed beginning in 1994 and opened for use in 1998.
The PMR exam started on September 1991. SMKTS achieved a 78.8% pass rate.
In 1997, the school was renamed Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Taman Seraya and in 1998, it was upgraded from Grade C to Grade A.


== House System ==
Sport houses in SMKTS are named Alfa, Beta, Gama and Sigma, all based on the Greek Alphabet.


== Principals ==
Encik Bisri bin Singat ( 1989 -1991 )
Cik Kemariah Sidik ( August 1991 - October 1991 )
Tuan Haji Mohammed Sabudin bin Tamsir ( October 1992 - December 1994 )
Puan Zakiah Md. Lassim ( May 1995 - 1997 )
Puan Petri Noor Jalilah ( 1997 - March 1998 )
Datin Hajah Halimah ( 1998 - December 2001 )
Cik Kemariah Mohd Sidik ( January 2003 - April 2006 )
Datin Mazilah Binti Ahmad Mansur ( June 2006 - January 2008 )
Puan Siti Zaharah Binti Abdul Kadir ( February 2008 - 2011 )
Tuan Haji Hassan Bin Che Ling ( 2012 - 2014 )
Puan Tukinah Binti Sadi ( 2014 - 2017 )
Puan Wan Norma Bt Wan Pi ( 2017 - 2019 )
Encik Busrah Bin Maulah (2020 - Present )


== External links ==
Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Taman Seraya
Facebook SMK Taman Seraya
Twitter SMK Taman Seraya
Instagram SMK Taman Seraya
Seraya TV
<|endoftext|>
Estoloides prolongata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1885. It is known from Panama.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Richardson Nunatak (66°22′S 64°56′W) is a nunatak in the southern part of Hugi Glacier, in Graham Land, Antarctica. Photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd. in 1955–57, and mapped from these photos by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS). Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1959 for E.C. Richardson (1871–1954), the "father of British skiing," one of the principal founders and first secretary of the Ski Club of Great Britain.
 This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document: "Richardson Nunatak". (content from the Geographic Names Information System)
<|endoftext|>
Season eight of the television program American Experience originally aired on the PBS network in the United States on October 16, 1995 and concluded on February 26, 1996. This is the eighth season to feature David McCullough as the host. The season contained nine new episodes and began with the film Murder of the Century.


== Episodes ==


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Maksutlu is a village in the Kargı District of Çorum Province in Turkey.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Ernesto Filippi Cavani (born October 26, 1950 in Lucca, Italy) is a former Uruguayan football referee. He is known for supervising one match during the 1994 FIFA World Cup in the United States.


== References ==
Profile
<|endoftext|>
Circuit des Ardennes is a French cycling road race held annually in the month of April in Charleville-Mézières and the surrounding mountainous  region of the Ardennes. It is rated 2.2 on UCI Europe Tour.
The race has in the past highlighted developing talent, including Stephen Roche and Greg LeMond.


== Past winners ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Results
Circuit des Ardennes
<|endoftext|>
Neoxanthias is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae, containing the following species:
Neoxanthias impressus (Latreille, 1812)
Neoxanthias lacunosus (Rathbun, 1906)
Neoxanthias michelae Serene & Vadon, 1981


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Płachty [ˈpwaxtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Pionki, 22 km (14 mi) east of Radom, and 89 km (55 mi) south of Warsaw.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The R. A. Stranahan Arboretum 47 acres (190,000 m²) is located at 4131 Tantara Drive, Toledo, Ohio, United States, about a 10-minute drive from the main campus of the University of Toledo. It contains 1,500 specimens of cultivated, mature trees from China, Serbia, Japan, and Norway, as well as North American varieties ranging from Bristlecone Pine to Buckeye.
The Arboretum site includes cultivated ornamental trees, rolling lawns, natural woods, ponds, wetlands and a restored prairie, all located within the "Oak Openings" sand dune region. About one-quarter of the Arboretum is covered by forest. The older forest has not been cleared for over 150 years and has oaks as the dominant tree. Peaks of old sand dunes are visible beneath its undergrowth. The newer forest is 50 years old, with has red maple as the dominant tree.
The Arboretum was donated to the University of Toledo in 1964 by the W. W. Knight family, in memory of Robert Stranahan.


== See also ==
List of botanical gardens in the United States


== External links ==
Official Site
<|endoftext|>
Great Floridian is a title bestowed upon notable citizens in the state of Florida by the Florida Department of State. There were two formal programs.


== Great Floridians 2000 ==
The Florida Department of State and the Florida League of Cities created the program in 1998 to help celebrate the approaching end of the millennium. The process dedicated a special series of commemorative panels in cities throughout the state recognizing deceased individuals who made significant contributions to the history and culture of Florida. A total of 385 persons were honored.


== Great Floridians Program ==
In 2007, the legislature resurrected, revised and formalized Great Floridians in Florida law as Florida Statute 267.0731. A defined committee consisting of the top members of the Executive and Legislative branches of government meets each year to nominate citizens for designation. The Florida Secretary of State then selects at least two nominees for the honor. As of 2011, 58 people had been included.Governor Rick Scott added 22 names in 2013, including former Miami Dolphins Coach Don Shula, former University of Florida Gators football player and coach Steve Spurrier, 2012 Masters golf champion Bubba Watson Jr., former Florida Supreme Court Chief Justice Richard Irvin, and Dr. Pedro Jose Greer Jr., an advocate for homeless and the disadvantaged in Miami, as well as Betty Sembler of St. Petersburg, who has championed drug treatment efforts, former Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach Tony Dungy, General Norman Schwarzkopf, who led U.S. forces in Iraq, former state agriculture commissioner Charles H. Bronson, former state treasurer Bill Gunter, Walt Disney, Patrick D. Smith, agricultural leader Ruth Springer Wedgworth, former Buccaneers linebacker Derrick Brooks, Hall of Fame running back Emmitt Smith, former Florida Supreme Court Justice Alto L. Adams, Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León, retired General Craig McKinley, clothing designer Lilly Pulitzer, entrepreneur H. Wayne Huizenga, and James Robert Cade, an American physician, university professor, research scientist, and inventor who led research efforts that developed Gatorade.


=== Great Floridians Program ===
 (on-going)


=== Great Floridians 2000 (program ended in 2000) ===


== References ==


== External links ==
Florida Division of Historical Resources: Great Floridians 2000 Program
Great Floridian Program
<|endoftext|>
Liodesmus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Toarcian stage of the Early Jurassic epoch.


== See also ==

Prehistoric fish
List of prehistoric bony fish


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Zwickl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Dániel Zwickl (born 1984), Hungarian table tennis player
Kurt Zwickl (born 1949), American politician


== See also ==
Zwick
<|endoftext|>
Alexander Yakobson (Hebrew: אלכסנדר יעקובסון‎) is an Israeli historian, professor of Ancient history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, political activist, and commentator.


== Background ==
Alexander Anatolyvich Yakobson was born on October 5, 1959, in Moscow. His parents were Soviet dissidents Anatoly Yakobson and Maya Ulanovskaya.  His grandparents were Soviet spies Alexander Ulanovsky and Nadezhda Ulanovskaya.  Yakobson immigrated to Israel with his family (mother, father, and grandmother) at age 13. He earned his degrees from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem: BA cum laude in History and Political Science (1985), MA in History (1989), and doctorate in Ancient History (1995). He also conducted postdoctoral research at the University of Cologne.


== Career ==


=== Academia ===
In 1995, Yakobson was appointed assistant professor of History at the University of Haifa through 1997. In 2000, he was appointed as a senior lecturer in history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 2011, he was appointed associate professor of Ancient history at the Hebrew University.


=== Political activism ===
Yakobson is a former Meretz activist and Peace Now member with a regular op-ed column in the newspaper Haaretz. He is a supporter of a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. He co-wrote Israel and the Family of Nations: The Jewish Nation State and Human Rights with former Israeli minister Amnon Rubinstein, which seeks to assert Israel's right to exist as a Jewish state.He is an Advisory Editor at "Fathom: For a deeper understanding of Israel and the region".


== Works ==
Yakobson, Alexander (1999). Elections and electioneering in Rome a study in the political system of the Late Republic. Steiner. p. 251. ISBN 3-515-07481-3.
Yakobson, Alexander; Amnon Rubinstein (2008-09-08). Israel and the Family of Nations: The Jewish Nation-State and Human Rights (1 ed.). Routledge. p. 246. ISBN 0-415-46441-2.


== See also ==
Anatoly Yakobson
Maya Ulanovskaya
Nadezhda Ulanovskaya
Alexander Ulanovsky


== References ==


== External links ==
Yakobson, Alexander (2007-06-09). "Europe is not necessarily against us". Haaretz. Retrieved 2008-11-27. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Yakobson, Alexander (2007-07-05). "Boycotter, boycott thyself". Bitterlemons. Retrieved 2008-11-27. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Yakobson, Alexander (2007-07-24). "Detrimental semantics". Haaretz. Retrieved 2008-11-27. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Yakobson, Alexander (2008-04-10). "The secret of the Israeli mosaic". Haaretz. Archived from the original on 2012-10-22. Retrieved 2008-11-27. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Yakobson, Alexander (2008-06-11). "An obsolete monopoly". Haaretz. Retrieved 2008-11-27. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Yakobson, Alexander (2008-08-06). "Someone is above the law". Haaretz. Retrieved 2008-11-27. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
Yakobson, Alexander (2008-09-17). "Dancing at Ben-Gurion airport". Haaretz. Retrieved 2008-11-27. CS1 maint: discouraged parameter (link)
What does Israel's Arab minority really think?, Alexander Yakobson, Fathom: For a deeper understanding of Israel and the region, 26 April 2013
Alexander Yakobson's CV at the Hebrew University
<|endoftext|>
Prionotalis africanellus is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Strand in 1909. It is found in Tanzania.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
1915 Picnic Train Attack and White Rocks Reserve is a heritage-listed former tramway and now visitor attraction at Hynes Street, Broken Hill, City of Broken Hill, New South Wales, Australia. It was the site of the only attack during World War I that occurred on Australian soil (The Battle of Broken Hill). The property is owned by NSW Department of Industry - Lands (State Government) and Silverlea Services (Community Group). It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 29 June 2018.


== History ==
Broken Hill is in the country of the Wilyakali people, who spoke a dialect of the Barkandji language.  In 1915 most Aboriginal people in the region were living on stations that were known to be safe refuges such as Poolamacca, 60 kilometres north of Broken Hill.The Wiljakali people who occupied the area when Charles Sturt arrived in 1845 (and first referred to it as 'broken hill') faced less immediate settler aggression than tribal groups who lived on the rivers, including the Darling River.In 1883, when boundary rider Charles Rasp formed a small syndicate to mine a great ironstone outcrop in the far west of New South Wales, they thought they would find tin. Instead, they ended up having leases over some of the world's richest silver, lead and zinc deposits. Unlike gold, these metals were not simply there for the taking. BHP (Broken Hill Proprietary Ltd.), formed in 1885, faced technical and logistical challenges in mining and processing the ore bodies.Broken Hill grew quickly. A population of 17,000 in 1889 had more than doubled to 35,000 in 1914, putting it on the map as the then third-largest city in New South wales. It was also Australia's most multicultural city of the time.Trade unions quickly formed around the mine and extraction processing industries. The Trades Hall, built between 1891 and 1905, became the first building in Australia owned by unions, who also purchased the local newspaper "The Barrier Times" in 1908. This strong union tradition permeated all aspects of life in Broken Hill. The city's unionists won a 35-hour week in 1920, the first to do so in Australia.
The city is full of surprises, including the Broken Hill mosque, founded by Afghan cameleers in the early 1890s, and a synagogue built in 1910. The cameleers flourished in the later decades of the 19th century, transporting wool as well as construction materials for the Overland Telegraph line from Darwin to Port Augusta. The Jewish population mainly came from Eastern Europe. While the Broken Hill synagogue closed in 1962, the mosque is still used for worship. BHP ceased operations in Broken Hill in the late 1930s, by which time other mining companies had formed, leaving behind an open-cut mine that writer George Farwell described in 1948 as:"forlorn as a dead planet. It has the air of a crater on the moon... Massive boulders and abandoned machinery sprawl down its flanks as though flung down the sheer sides of a mountain gorge. Upon the crest old iron lies everywhere".


=== Mullah Abdullah (1855-1915) ===
Mullah Abdullah was born in 1854-5 possibly in Afghanistan or in a nearby region of Pakistan.  It is said that he came from a family of mullahs because of his role as a mullah in Broken Hill. However it is possible that his duties as mullah is something he began after he moved to Broken Hill because there may not have been a committed mullah in the area at the time.Abdullah arrived in South Australia in around 1890 and started working in Broken Hill from 1899.  It is unclear what he had been doing in Australia leading up to his move to Broken Hill but most likely he had spent time working as a cameleer.  During his time working in Broken Hill it is suggested that he worked as a cameleer and it is documented that he worked as Mullah to the "Afghans at the local Ghantown" where he led the daily prayers, officiated at funerals and was also a halal butcher, killing animals according to the principles of halal for Muslim consumption.  According to newspaper reports the halal butchery is part of the reason for Abdullah's role in the picnic train attack. Leading up to the day of the attack Abdullah had been prosecuted twice by Cornelius Brosnan the Sanitary Inspector for killing meat in an unsanitary environment.


=== Gool Badasha Mahomed ===
Gool Badasha Mahomed was born in 1875 near the North-West Frontier of India in the Tirah region of Afghanistan, an area that operated under local tribal law.  Gool was an Afridi tribesman who spoke Pushtu came to Australia in his youth to most likely work as a cameleer before returning home to enlist in the Turkish Army.  Gool fought in four campaigns before he returned to Australia in 1912 to continue as a cameleer until the decline of the camel transport business.  He then worked in the silver mines of Broken Hill until he was retrenched and became self-employed pushing a cart around selling ice creams to the locals. The beginning of World War I sparked spiritual and patriotic feelings in Gool, and with the anger Abdullah felt towards Cornelius Brosnan the pair discussed their grievances and planned their attack on the train.


=== Silverton Tramway Company ===
The Silverton Tramway Company, a rare private railway of 50klms in length, was incorporated in New South Wales on 14 October 1886 and the line was completed and opened for traffic on 12 January 1888.  One of only two privately owned railways in the state, the tramway was originally founded to transport ore from local mines in the Broken Hill and Silverton region into South Australia.  The  company soon branched out, not only carrying ore from the mines but freighted other goods and offered a passenger service which accounted for a third of their business.The company serviced travellers on long trips heading interstate to Semaphore (Adelaide) to the Largs Bay Holiday Camp and excursions for local community groups often conveying passengers to Silverton and McCulloch Park (at Stephens Creek) for the day and returning to Broken Hill in the afternoon.  When traveling to South Australia the train would travel from Broken Hill, through Silverton and then to Burns which is on the New South Wales side of the border of Cockburn (a town divided by the NSW/SA border).In 1927 the New South Wales government completed the railway from Sydney to Broken Hill, thus joining the Silverton Tramway and completing the link from Sydney to Adelaide.  It played a strategic role in the trans-Australia network until 1970, when it was surpassed by the New South Wales Government Railways (Indian-Pacific).  From 1888-1970 it was critical to the economic functioning of Broken Hill, by providing the key transport of ore to the Port Pirie smelters. It played a significant role in the politics and recreation of Broken Hill, and a crucial role at times of water shortage in Broken Hill.


=== Oddfellows history ===

The Manchester Unity of Oddfellows is a friendly society that first began in England, but can now be traced across the world.  Originally when the higher wage earning men formed societies, attending meetings in expensive finery, the lower wage earners were not invited to partake and so the order was formed giving the lower income earners a crutch in times of sickness, injury or death, offering support not only to the individual but to their families as well.  The official records for the order starts in 1810 but the history of the order dates back to 1066.The Broken Hill Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows held a picnic day at Silverton every year to celebrate the beginning of a new year.  The Silverton Tramway Company often assisted groups that travelled to nearby locations to attend picnics and other functions.  Ore carriages where cleaned out and makeshift benches were added so that passengers could be seated.On New Year's Day 1915 forty one carriages were in tow, transporting 1,200 men, women and children belonging to the Manchester Unity Order of Odd Fellows.


=== The attack ===

The only documented World War I assault to take place in Australia happened in Broken Hill on New Year's Day 1915.  The Silverton Tramway Company lent its service to the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows to transport them out to Silverton for their annual celebration of 1 January.  The 1200 members of men, women and children were seated in forty one open ore carriages that had been modified with temporary bench seating.The train pulled out from the Sulphide Street railway station at approximately 10 am and passed through the Railway Town Station where it made a brief stop and then continued on its intended journey out to Silverton.  Approximately 1.2 kilometres from the Railway Town Station, on a curve in the railway line, several passengers noticed Gool Mahomed and Mullah Abdulla sitting in the trench housing of Umberumberka water pipeline on the northern side of the track opposite the cemetery.  Both of the men were known to some of the passengers, especially Gool Mahomed as he made a living pushing an ice-cream cart has become a representation of the attack as this is where they had mounted the Ottoman flag and is how the two men were able to transport their rifles and ammunition to the site without being noticed.When Mahomed and Abdulla began firing shots at the train some passengers initially thought that they were firing off blank bullets in a display for New Year's Day and others thought that they were shooting at rabbits.  The first shots fired were aimed at the engine of the train missing the crew in the cabin.  One bullet landed hitting the sand beside the track and a second bullet hit the bottom of the brake van.As the men kept firing at the train the realism of their intentions set in and with the passengers having very little protection, 17 year old Alma Cowie was hit by a bullet while trying to take cover.  Alma had been sitting beside her companion, Clarence O'Brien and as she was about to take cover she was hit in the head by a bullet and died approximately 45 minutes later.  William Shaw who was seated beside his wife Alice was also struck down.  Alice heard her husband say "I'm shot" and he then fell forward into Alice's arms.  Passengers on the train came to his aide but he died a short time after.  Fifteen year old Lucy Shaw, the daughter of William and Alice, was also shot (in the elbow) but her injury was not fatal.  Alfred Millard, who worked for the Broken Hill Water Supply Company, was riding his bike down alongside the train line on his way to inspect a pipe leak.  Alfred was also intending to take photos of the train carriages full of picnic goers when he was shot in the back.  It is unclear if Alfred died instantly but it was reported he was not alive by the time he was brought back to town.The locomotive crew moved the train a further 850 yards down the line to the Picton railway siding in an attempt to distance themselves from their attackers but continued to come under fire so they advanced a further 1.2 kilometres towards Silverton until they reached the Silverton Tramway Company's reservoir.  Assistance Guard Mr Elsegood ran a short distance ahead to the company's pumping station where he was able to make a call requesting assistance be sent from Broken Hill.  It was at this stop that injured passengers were removed from the train to wait for medical assistance to arrive; Mary Kavanhagh shot in the head, George Stokes shot in shoulder and chest, Lucy Shaw shot in elbow and Rose Crabb shot through the shoulder.  There is no found record to say that any of these people had succumbed to their injuries so it is assumed that they survived.Mullah Abdullah and Gool Mahomed had fled the scene on foot heading in a north east direction where they knocked on the door of a house near the Allendale Hotel on the corner of Jones and Morgan Streets to seek refuge.  Some words were exchanged between the two men and the resident, 70 year old Thomas Campbell, which resulted in one of the men firing a shot at Campbell with the bullet passing through the side of his abdomen (Campbell survived).  By this time the police had arrived and Abdullah and Mahomed ran off heading in the direction of their cameleer's camp and as they neared the Cable Hotel the two men came under fire from mounted Constable Robert Mills.  Shots were exchanged between both parties and Constable Mills was injured, taking two bullets, one to the thigh and one in his groin.  The police were forced to pull back and continue their pursuit from a distance enabling the two men time to take cover at a rocky outcrop of white quartz (White Rocks).  Military men from the local base along with men from the rifle club joined in the combat.  Police Inspector James Miller and Lieutenant Richard Resch were now present and gave instructions, an unrelenting tirade of bullets were fired at the two men who were hiding behind the rocks with both men returning fire.  Civilian James Craig who was in his backyard at the time quickly became a victim during the conflict when a "stray" bullet hit him in his abdomen from 500 yards away.  Mr Craig was treated by a doctor on site and was later transported to the local hospital where he died hours later as a result of his wound.

Reinforcements arrived rushing toward the white rocks and the bombardment continued with the legion unwavering, not allowing the attackers to get away.  About 1.00pm Abdullah and Mahomed were found lying on the ground, both men with multiple gunshot wounds.  Mullah Abdullah had died some time during the fight and Gool Mahomed was still alive and was taken to the hospital but died a few hours after.
A suicide note that had been signed by Gool Badsha Mahomed was later found and translated to read:"In the name of God, all Merciful, and of Mahommed His prophet.  This poor sinner is a subject of the Sultan.  My name is Good Badsha Mahomed, Afghan Afridi.  In the reign of Abdul Hamid Sultan, I have visited his kingdom four times for the purpose of fighting.  I hold the Sultan's order, duly signed and sealed by him.  It is in my waistbelt now, and if it is not destroyed by cannon shot or rifle bullets, you will find it on me.  I must kill your men and give my life for my faith by order of the Sultan.  I have no enmity against anyone; nor have I consulted with anyone, nor informed anyone.  We bid all the faithful farewell. Signed by Gool Badsha Mahomed, Afridi."It is documented that three notes were found after the attack, one note was a letter from Gool written to the Minister of War in Istambul offering to re-enlist.  The other two notes were suicide notes from Mullah Abdulla and Gool Mahomed, however only the suicide note from Good Mahomed was found during research. It is claimed that in days leading up to the attack a cameleer by the name of Khan Bahader attended the Broken Hill north police station to report that Gool Mahomed and Mullah Abdulla were planning an attack.  However, because Khan was unable to give accurate details of the intended ambush the report was not investigated by police.


=== The German Club ===
The union of Germany with the Ottoman Empire during World War I raised suspicions within the people of Broken Hill.  People began to believe that the German community had been politically motivated and therefore conspired with Abdulla and Mahomed to attack the picnic train.  They became a target for the already angry mob when at approximately 8pm a crowd gathered in Argent Street where accusations of the German involvement had been spat out in anger before the crowd made their way down to the German Club.  Gathering at the front of the club the mob threw stones at the building and set it alight.  When the fire brigade arrived to put out the fire the angry mob cut their hoses rendering them inoperable, leaving the club to burn to the ground.  The outraged assemblage of citizens then moved on to Ghan Town, where many camel drivers lived, on the edge of town with the intention of attacking the innocent residents.  Luckily the police and military were aware of their intentions and were able to stop the mob before any confrontation could occur.The punishment of German citizens did not end with their social establishment being destroyed.  When the German men arrived for work the next day they were all fired from the mines of Broken Hill.  This was in response to the Australian Government passing the War Precautions Act 1914 (in August of that year).  This gave the Australian Government a power outside of the realms of the Australian Constitution.  During war time and up to six months after war the government could utilise this Act allowing them to make decisions on matters that could influence Australia's position in the war.  One of the controls this endorsed was the detention of people either born in or associated to an enemy country without having to stand trial for an offence.The effect of the war on Australian soil was wide spread with the introduction of the War Precautions Act 1914 deeming any migrant person as an "enemy alien" and a threat to the nation.  These people were sent to live in internment camps until the end of the war in November 1918.


=== Cameleer history ===
Over 20,000 camels were brought to Australia from 1850 to 1900 from different parts of the world. The cameleers came from different countries such as Kashmir, Rajastan, Egypt, Persia, Turkey, Punjab, Baluchistan, Afghanistan, India and Pakistan. They were known as "Afghans", although very few were actually from Afghanistan.


=== The mosque ===

Broken Hill was an active centre for camel trails and stock routes in the far west region of New South Wales where they linked up with the rail transport, it was an area with a population of "Afghans" big enough that there were two separate camps of shanty-type dwellings.The camp located in north Broken Hill was known as Ghan Town.  This is where the first mosque to be built in New South Wales was constructed in 1887, offering a site of prayer for those of the Muslim faith.The west camp had a smaller mosque located on the corner of Kaolin and Brown Streets, but this mosque was relocated to the north camp in 1903 when the area in the west was redeveloped for housing.The north camp mosque, which is now listed on the State Heritage Register, is still used for prayers and is a small museum showing memorabilia of cameleer and Muslim history.  It is owned by the Broken Hill City Council and is cared for by local man Ammin Nullah Shamroze (Bob Shamroze) and the Broken Hill Historical Society.


== Description ==


=== 1915 Picnic Train Attack Site ===
The site is marked by a memorial consisting of a replica freight wagon placed on the southern side of Picton Sales Yard Road, Broken Hill.The embankment of the Tramway Permanent Way lies about 50m north of the memorial. In between is the trench of the water pipeline from Umberumberka Reservoir.


=== White Rocks Reserve ===

The area is a natural rocky quartz outcrop on the northern edge of Broken Hill surrounded by regeneration of vegetation and housing.  The area is fenced with a short walking track and interpretation signs that tell the story of the attack, the geology and vegetation of the area.  There is a reconstruction of the ice cream cart used by the two Afghan men on that day to conceal and transport their weapons.  The reserve is now a popular tourist destination that is a part of the Broken Hill Heritage Tours.


=== Condition ===
As at 17 February 2017, the Picnic Train Attack site memorial is in good condition.  The memorial is the only reminder of the event; there are no other known traces or archaeological evidence that a battle took place in this location.  The railway line has long since been removed but the footprint of where the line was located is clear.  A fence line across from the memorial shows one of the ways the unused railway line was salvaged.  The ore wagon memorial on site displays an interpretation sign with two photos and information of the fateful day.  The wooden section wagon has suffered from years of exposure to the weather, however the rest of the memorial is in good condition.The White Rocks Reserve site is a fenced-in area that is in good condition and has been maintained as tourist attraction.  Interpretation signs explain the incident that took place there and the geology of the area.  It also displays a replica of the ice-cream cart used by Abdulla and Mahomed.The original landscape is still intact and the railway line embankment and water pipeline trench still exist.


=== Modifications and dates ===
The area around the site of the 1915 picnic train attack has changed considerably since January 1915.  The railway line is no longer in-situ although the railway line embankment is still visible.  Silverton Tramway Company ceased operations in 1970 due to the standard gauge (4 ft 8.5in) line being opened in 1969 connecting NSW to SA.  After the closure of the Silverton Tramway Company most of the narrow gauge railway line (3 ft 6in) was removed and recycled for fencing posts and rails, this includes the section of line where the attack took place.  A fence now blocks access to the line embankment and the trench where the two men hid is no longer visible due to vegetation.  Part of the area is now a semi-rural neighbourhood with the road on the northern side of the site now sealed.The White Rocks site where the battle ended is now a tourist location on the outskirts of Broken Hill.  The site has been fenced and displays of interpretations of 1 January 1915 and local geology are located throughout the area.  A replica of the ice-cream cart was made by local Tafe and Skillshare students and put on the site in 1991 and a parking lot has been built to accommodate visitors to the site.


== Heritage listing ==

As at 15 August 2017, the picnic train attack sites are of state heritage significance for their historical values as the only  World War I incident where Australian citizens were attacked on Australian soil and under a foreign flag, resulting in the death of four people and wounding of seven, as well as the death of the two "Afghan" cameleer perpetrators. Although a minor incident in the greater history of the war, it had a significant effect on the population of Broken Hill, and right across Australia. It became national news for many months was widely reported on and commented on, with differing perspectives, many xenophobic and some liberal. The war effort initially focused on protecting Australia from attack by German naval ships and mining operations, however this attack, the only World War I attack on Australian soil, played out in the least expected location, the arid centre.  This turned Australia's attention from looking out to sea for the enemy to looking within established communities across the nation.  The Picnic Train attack had repercussions throughout Australia for people seen as enemy aliens and resulted in many of them being interned for the war period.The sites state heritage significance are enhanced through association with the so-called Afghan cameleers in the arid regions of Australia, and in particular the people based at the Ghan Town on the outskirts of Broken Hill, and who worshiped at the SHR listed mosque. It is also associated with German and other migrants from countries allied with Germany, and the story of their treatment across Australia as enemy aliens during  World War I. In addition the sites' state heritage significance may be again enhanced through association with the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, members of which were subject of the Picnic Train attack.The Picnic Attack Sites have state heritage significance for its research potential into the chequered history of multi-culturalism in Australia as the incident and story are a powerful example of the way that a story that is told reiteratively, having its beginnings in fear and prejudice, continues to be expressed in this way.1915 Picnic Train Attack and White Rocks Reserve was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 29 June 2018 having satisfied the following criteria.The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
The picnic train attack sites are of state heritage significance for their historical values as the site of the only  World War I incident where Australian citizens were attacked on Australian soil and under a foreign flag, resulting in the death of four people and wounding of seven, as well as the death of the two Muslim perpetrators. Although a minor incident in the greater history of the war, it had maximum effect on the population of Broken Hill, and right across Australia. It became national news for many months was widely reported on and commented on, with differing perspectives, many xenophobic and some liberal.Up until this incident the War Precautions Act 1914 had not affected German or other enemy aliens in Broken Hill, or many other areas. It resulted in the burning of the German Club in Broken Hill, the expulsion of enemy alien miners and mine workers, and workers at the associated smelters at Port Pirie, and the incarceration of people in the Torrens Island internment camp, some later transferred to Holsworthy in Sydney. However innocent, people deemed enemy aliens were punished as a result of the picnic train attack.The place has a strong or special association with a person, or group of persons, of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales's history.
The 1915 Picnic Train Attack is associated with the history the so-called Afghan cameleers in the arid regions of Australia, and in particular the people based at the Ghan Town on the outskirts of Broken Hill, and who worshiped at the SHR listed mosque. It is also associated with German and other migrants from countries allied with Germany, and the story of their treatment across Australia as enemy aliens during  World War I.
The history of cameleers in Broken Hill spans from when people first settled in Broken Hill through to today.  Playing a key role in the outback transportation before the railway.  Some of the cameleers remained in the area marrying local women.  There are families in Broken Hill today that are descendants of the original cameleers that are still very active in preserving their culture and history in Broken Hill.  The Picnic Train Attack and White Rocks Reserve sites provide evidence of the way the cameleers were treated by mainstream society.  Mullah Abdullah, one of the attackers, led prayers at the Broken Hill mosque and provided halal meat.  He became disaffected because he was not allowed to freely practice his religion.  Gool Mahomed was subject to stone throwing and verbal abuse from non-Afghan youth, and felt his former enlistment in the Turkish army should be re-visited now Turkey was a German ally.In addition the site state heritage significance is enhanced through association with the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, members of which were subject of the Picnic Train attack. The history of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows can be traced back to England 1066 and was established in Australia in 1840 in Melbourne.  The fraternity existed in Broken Hill and surrounding areas from 1888 through until 1973 and with the Freemasons was related to the strong union movement in this mining town.The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
The Picnic Train Attack and White Rocks Reserve is of local significance for the esteem in which it is held by the local community and by visitors and makes an important contribution to local history and identity. The attack on the picnic train changed the lives of many people in Broken Hill.  Families lost loved ones that died on that day and people suffered from the trauma of witnessing such an event.  Citizens lived in fear for some time wondering if another attack would take place. The German citizens and their families across Australia suffered because of their ethnicity, losing their jobs, being separated from their families and becoming prisoners of war. New South Wales had the most prisoner's camps. The Muslim families living in Ghan Town also faced increased abuse and suffering. The dramatic effects of the incident are still widely remembered by the contemporary local community and has been memorialised by the council, and the day is still remembered and mourned by family members connected to the victims.The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The picnic train attack is of state heritage significance for its research potential as a powerful example of a story that is told reiteratively, having its beginnings in fear and prejudice and continues to be expressed in this way. It remains a powerful example of the way in which such reiterative stories are picked up and perpetuated by modern media over time. The Picnic Train Attack story is as relevant today as in 1915, with modern media interpretations of the picnic train attack following the same lack of clarity, empathy and social inclusiveness. In recent times it has been emotively expressed as the first jihadist terrorist attack in Australia and compared to the Lindt cafe siege, using conflation and confusion to create fear and bias towards a particular religion. It has state significance for its research potential into the chequered history of multi-culturalism in Australia.The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The event of the train attack is the only known attack by enemy aliens to occur on Australian soil during  World War I. The Ottoman flag is unique tangible evidence of the attack on the picnic train.The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
The picnic train attack sites and the associated story are representative of the history of xenophobia and bigotry that has been a significant issue in NSW and Australia since the settlement of Australia by Europeans, and particularly during World War I and II.


== See also ==


== References ==


=== Bibliography ===
Drewery, Roberta J. (2008). Treks, camp & camels: Afghan cameleers and their contribution to Australia.
Ellis, Christine (2015). Silver lies, golden truths: Broken Hill, a gentle German and two world wars. Wakefield Press. ISBN 978-1-74305-350-8.
Hope, Jeanette (2006). The Unincorporated Area of NSW: A Heritage Study.
Kearns, Richard Hugh Bell (1975). Broken Hill 1915 - 1939. Broken Hill Historical Society. ISBN 978-0-9599495-6-8.
Matheson, David (January 2015). "The Battle of Broken Hill". Australian Railway History. 66 (927): 4.
Roberts, Lew (1995). Rails to wealth : a history of the Silverton Tramway Company Limited, Broken Hill's railway service. L.E. Roberts. ISBN 978-0-646-26587-2.
Solomon, Robert John (1988). The richest lode : Broken Hill 1883-1988. Hale & Iremonger. ISBN 978-0-86806-333-1.
Spearitt, Peter (2018). Making History Happen.
Stevens, Christine (1989). Tin Mosques and Ghantowns. The history of Afghan Camel Drivers in Australia. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-554976-8.


=== Attribution ===
 This Wikipedia article was originally based on 1915 Picnic Train Attack and White Rocks Reserve, entry number 2002 in the New South Wales State Heritage Register published by the State of New South Wales and Office of Environment and Heritage 2019 under CC-BY 4.0 licence, accessed on 3 May 2019.
<|endoftext|>
Monster Pig (or Hogzilla) was the subject of a controversial 2007 story that initially ran in the news media as a report (and a series of accompanying photographs) of an 11-year-old boy shooting a massive feral pig. The pig was claimed to have been shot during a hunt on May 3, 2007 by an 11-year-old boy named Jamison Stone. The location of the shooting was the Lost Creek Plantation, a commercial hunting preserve outside Anniston, Alabama, USA. According to the hunters (there were no independent witnesses), the pig weighed 1,051 pounds (477 kg) and measured 9 feet 4 inches (2.84 m) in length.
The story quickly ran into veracity problems with news organizations backing off on their coverage when inconsistencies in the story were revealed, including NBC, who canceled their interview with the Stone family when they suspected the story was a hoax. It was pointed out right away that the photographs of the pig released to the media seemed to be purposely posed and doctored to exaggerate scale. It was later also revealed that the "giant feral hog" was actually a large domestic farm-raised pig named "Fred" that had been purchased by the hunting preserve's owner four days before the hunt in an apparent publicity stunt. There was a 2008 grand jury investigation of the event based on charges of animal cruelty that was later canceled.


== Claim ==
The story, as told by the Stones to the news media, was that on May 3, 2007 11-year-old Jamison Stone was hunting a huge feral hog with his father Mike Stone along with Keith O'Neal and Charles Williams, owners of Southeastern Trophy Hunters, on a 2,500-acre (1,000 ha) farm outside of Ashton, Alabama. Jamison told the media they were invited there by a "friend" who told them about a "big hog he had that was tearing up land". The Stones and the other hunters tracked/chased the hog through the woods and over 3 hours and Jamison Stone fired 16 shots with a .50- caliber Smith & Wesson Model 500 revolver equipped with red dot sight shooting 350-grain Hornady cartridges, hitting it 9 times before he killed it with a head shot. They hauled the pig by truck to the Clay County Farmers Exchange in Lineville where they used a scale, finding out it weighed 1,050 pounds (480 kg). The hunters also claimed that the pig was 9 feet 4 inches (2.84 m) in length from the tip of its snout to the base of its tail. However, this has not been corroborated by any source.


== Controversies ==
It was soon revealed that the hunt took place in a 150-acre (60 ha) low fence enclosure within the larger 2,500-acre (1,010 ha) commercial hunting preserve called Lost Creek Plantation. A later claim said that Mr Stone had paid $1,500 to Eddy Borden, the owner of Lost Creek Plantation, so that his son could shoot a trophy wild hog in the commercial hunting preserve. Other facts were revealed expanding the controversy around this story.


=== Images ===
Several days after the story broke, suspicion mounted over the authenticity of the photographic evidence. Retired New York University physicist, Dr. Richard Brandt, used perspective geometry to demonstrate that either the pig was 15 feet (4.6 m) long (far bigger than claimed) or the boy in the photo was standing several meters behind the pig, using forced perspective to create the optical illusion that the animal was larger than its actual size. Others claim the photographs were digitally altered.It has been shown that most of the pictures that were distributed to the media were altered through the use of digital enhancement and perspective
to make the pig look much larger than it really was. There were also claims that there were other photographs from the Stone family owned Monsterpig.com website (since removed) that showed a more normal size/scale for the pig. Others claim the photographs were digitally altered.Despite evidence that the photos were altered, the Stone family website continues to deny that the images were modified to make Monster Pig look larger than its actual size.The Associated Press (AP) continues to keep the monster pig image in their archives with no disclosures of the forced perspective photo trick having been employed. The monster pig photo has an AP archive caption as if it is a legitimate photograph. The caption states: "In this photo released by Melynne Stone, Jamison Stone, 11, poses with a wild pig he killed near Delta, Ala., May 3, 2007. Stone's father says the hog weighed a staggering 1,051 pounds (477 kg) and measured 9 feet 4 inches (2.84 m) from the tip of its snout to the base of its tail. If claims of the animal's size are true, it would be larger than Hogzilla, the huge hog killed in Georgia in 2004."


=== Domestic versus feral ===
Shortly after the story hit the press, the truth about the origins of the pig were revealed. Four days before "Monster Pig" was shot, he lived on a nearby farm, a domesticated, part Duroc hog named "Fred".  The owners, Rhonda and Phil Blissitt, stated that the pig loved to play with their grandchildren and his favorite treat was canned sweet potatoes. Previous stories reported that the pig had escaped domestication;  however, the Blissits in fact sold the pig to the game preserve, and he was released on the reserve four days before being hunted and killed by Stone. According to the Anniston Star report, the Blissitts had raised him from a piglet as a pet. The Blissitts had been selling all of the pigs on their farm, and came forward as they were concerned that Fred was being passed off as a wild pig.


=== Weight verification ===
As reported by the Associated Press, the problem with the 1,051-pound (477 kg) weight was that the scale at the Clay County Coop, according to Jeff Kinder, the man who gave the keys to the scale to the plantation's owner, only weighs in 10-pound (4.5 kg) increments. Thus, the 1-pound (0.45 kg) weight in 1,051 pounds (477 kg) could not have been measured and made the whole measurement, on its face, incorrect or in part an estimate. The father said he had misunderstood the reading on the scale and believed the true measurement had been 1,060 pounds (480 kg).


== Subsequent allegations ==
Later news reports brought forward allegations that the entire story was the result of a canned hunt scheme cooked up by Eddy Borden, the owner of Lost Creek Plantation, and Keith O'Neal of Southeastern Trophy Hunters, to build up business for the then four-months-old Lost Creek hunting plantation, trying to create their own news event along the lines of the 2004 "Hogzilla" event. Borden purchased "Fred" from the Blissitts for $250, released it in the enclosure, and passed it off as a wild hog to the unsuspecting Stones. It was also reported that they were told by a local TV station that it would only be a news worthy story if the boy shot the pig.Stinkyjournalism.org also archived this notice from Southeastern Trophy Hunters' website:

LCP is offering a once in a lifetime opportunity to harvest a truly giant boar...Eddy Borden, owner and operator of LCP, has just trapped another boar... this monster will weigh at least a thousand ponds – that is a half ton of pork! The beast is now roaming the worlds of Lost Creek Plantation. We are offering this hunt on a no kill = a no pay basis. The total cost of this hunt is fifteen hundred dollars and includes everything but the processing of the meat. The boar is jet black and has huge tusks. Keith O' Neal and Chris Williams will be on hand to help guide and video this hunt. if you ever wanted to take an animal of this magnitude, now is your chance! this beast will not last long, so if you're interested call us ASAP. Yours in hunting/fishing, Keith O' Neal Southeastern Trophy Hunters, April 28, 2007.
January 29, 2008 saw reports that an Alabama grand jury was investigating Keith O'Neal, Charles Williams, and Lost Creek Plantation owner Eddy Borden over the killing of the pig. The grounds of the investigation was that, since there was no "kill shot" delivered by Jamison Stone, it was animal cruelty to allow a pig to be chased and continually shot by an 11 year old until it bled out when there were experienced marksmen present who could have dispatched it. Clay County District Attorney Fred Thompson later cancelled the grand jury without explanation and the case was never reviewed before the one year statute of limitations was up.


== See also ==
Giant forest hog
Hogzilla
List of pigs


== References ==


== External links ==
Video: CNN Interview of the Stone family
HOG WASHED!, Stinky Journalism investigation debunks AP and FOX News: “Giant Hog with Small Boy" Photo, stinkyjournalism.org, May 29, 2007
Alabama's Monster Pig Hoax, one year later Consequences of infamous youth pig kill still being played out, stinkyjournalism.org, May 03, 2008
Pigzilla And the Giant Hog Craze, gameandfishmag.com, October 2008, by John E. Phillips
<|endoftext|>
Calvin Louis Thomas (1885 – September 26, 1964) was an American stage, film and television actor, and a theatre director.


== Biography ==
Born in Kansas City, Missouri, to Jesse and Virginia Thomas, he was the older brother of actor Frank M. Thomas. He began performing on Broadway in 1907 as Louis Thomas, making his debut  as a bit player in Peer Gynt with Richard Mansfield in the starring role. Also in 1907 and again as Louis Thomas, he appeared as Servius in a production of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar at Broadway's New Amsterdam Theatre, with Robert Mantell as Marcus Brutus. He began performing as Calvin Thomas in 1912. Thomas made his film debut in 1915 in The Money Master, but performed mostly on the Broadway stage, appearing in nearly 40 plays and musicals. He appeared as the Starkeeper in the original Broadway production of Carousel and also had Broadway roles in Kiss and Tell, Abe Lincoln in Illinois, Show Girl, and We, the People. In 1927 he performed with Margaret Mosier in Junk, and they soon married; she died in 1951. His last Broadway role was as Dr. Ormondy in the 1955 production of Pipe Dream.Thomas also appeared in several television series, including Hallmark Hall of Fame and, in its first (1955–56) season, The Honeymooners (in the episodes "'Twas the Night before Christmas," "Oh My Aching Back," and "The Safety Award."


== Personal life ==
Thomas died in Caldwell, New Jersey in 1964 at the age of 79. He was survived by his second wife, Delia, whom he married in 1954, and two sons by his first marriage.


== References ==


== External links ==
Calvin Thomas at the Internet Broadway Database 
Calvin Thomas at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Kidnapped is a 1917 American silent adventure film directed by Alan Crosland for Edison Studios. It was based on the 1886 novel Kidnapped by Robert Louis Stevenson. The film only included selected parts of the story, and reinforced the then-developing romanticisation of the Scottish Highlands.Previously thought lost, a copy of the film is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.


== Cast ==
Raymond McKee as David Balfour
Joseph Burke as Ebenezer Balfour
Ray Hallor as Ransome
William Wadsworth as Angus Ban Keillor
Robert Cain as Alan Breck
Walter Craven as Riach
John Nicholson as Shuan
Franklyn Hanna as Captain Hoseason (*Franklin Farnum)
Samuel N. Niblack as Cluny McPherson (*as Samuel Niblack)
Horace Haine as Colin Campbell (*as Horace Hane)
James Levering as Minister


== References ==


== External links ==
Kidnapped at IMDb
<|endoftext|>
Grazing Goat Pictures is an Indian film and TV production house launched in 2011 by Hindi film actor Akshay Kumar and Ashvini Yardi. Its first film OMG – Oh My God!, was banned in UAE and Malaysia due to its controversial story-line. In India, a few screenings of the film had to be canceled and a police case was lodged against the filmmakers and actors for hurting religious sentiments. It won the National Film Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. The next film in their banner Fugly opened to mixed reviews.
The company has also produced regional languages films like 72 Miles (Marathi) and Bhaji in Problem (Punjabi). Both of these opened to positive reviews from critics. The former one was screened at the London and Pune International Film Festivals and won 3 awards at the 2014 Maharashtra State Film Awards ceremony. The company has also produced the Hindi soap opera Jamai Raja which airs on Zee TV. Kumar had guest appearances in all of his films except 72 Miles.
A YouTube channel FOMO Fashion On My Own was launched in 2013. It has been credited as India's first Hindi fashion channel.


== History ==
Akshay Kumar had launched production house Hari Om Entertainment in 2008. Ashvini Yardi had previously worked with Colors and Zee TV as Head of Programming. When she read the script of OMG – Oh My God!, she decided to produce it and launched a company in association with Kumar. The company is based in Juhu, Mumbai and the head office's interior is designed by Kumar's wife Twinkle Khanna.


=== Hindi films ===
The company's first film was the Umesh Shukla-directed satirical comedy–drama OMG – Oh My God!, produced in association with Viacom 18 Motion Pictures, Spice Studio and Paresh Rawal's Playtime Creation company. A song was added against the director's wishes. Built on a small budget and based on a Gujarati stage-play titled Kanji Virudh Kanji, it was a remake of the 2001 Australian film The Man Who Sued God. The story depicted the struggles of an atheist Hindu man who sued God after his shop is destroyed by an earthquake. Kumar appeared as Lord Krishna in the film. Sukanya Verma of Rediff.com appreciated the film for bringing "attention to the misuse and commercialisation of religion". Anupama Chopra praised Rawal's acting but felt that the rest character's were flimsy and film's "intentions [were] good, but the preaching [was] boring". The film received poor initial collection at the box office but because of word of mouth it picked up and proved to be a commercial success. The film was banned in Malaysia and the United Arab Emirates and faced protests in Punjab where several shows had to be cancelled. A police case was lodged against film's writer, director, Kumar and Rawal for hurting religious sentiments. Bhavesh Mandalia and Umesh Shukla won the National Film Award for Best Adapted Screenplay while Kumar received a nomination for Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor. OMG – Oh My God! has inspired a Telugu remake titled Gopala Gopala which featured  Daggubati Venkatesh and Pawan Kalyan in important roles. It was directed by Kishore Kumar Pardasany. Reportedly, the producers of PK offered ₹8 crore (US$1.1 million) to Shukla to stop shooting.  He is planning a sequel. Kumar said that he wanted to make "socially relevant" films.The company had signed Nargis Fakhri for a 3-film deal. In May 2012 it was announced that she would be part of Khiladi 786. However, in the same month she was removed from the cast. The film was produced by Hari Om Entertainment and Asin was cast for the lead role opposite Kumar. The company's second film was the Kabir Sadanand-directed drama thriller Fugly, featuring debutantes Mohit Marwah, Olympic medallist boxer Vijender Singh, Arfi Lamba and Kiara Advani in lead roles. Kumar and Salman Khan did cameo appearances in the film. Jimmy Shergill played a corrupt police officer who frames 4 friends for a murder he has committed and asks for a large sum of money in return for closing the case. The film failed to generate positive response from critics. Shubhra Gupta of The Financial Express said that it "isn’t exactly palatable". Vinayak Chakravorty of India Today said that the film had mixed the elements of Rang De Basanti and Dil Chahta Hai but missed out on their magic. He called the narrative "half-baked" and said that the film "[lost] its plot". It was produced under a budget of ₹10 crore (US$1.4 million).Kumar was paired opposite Amy Jackson in Prabhu Deva's comedy-drama Singh Is Bliing (2015). The film's worldwide gross was estimated to be around ₹116.27 crore (US$16 million).


=== Regional cinema ===
Kumar and Yardi produced their first Marathi venture 72 Miles Ek Pravas. Inspired from Ashok Vhatkar's novel of the same name, the film showed the problems faced by a teenager boy (Chinmay Sant) who ran away from his boarding school to reach his house which was at a distance of 72 miles from the school. It won three awards at the 2013–2014 Maharashtra State Film Awards—Best Grameen Film, Smita Tambe won the Best Actress Award while Rajeev Patil won the Best Director Award. It had also won the Jury's special award for Best film at the 2014 Dadasaheb Phalke Awards. Shakti Shetty wrote in Mid Day that "the emotions won’t [elude]" the viewers. He praised Tambe's performance by calling it "one of the strongest female performances in recent times". Afternoon Despatch & Courier's reviewer Sandeep Hattangadi called it "quite touching" and "the first of its kind in Marathi". The film was shortlisted for screening at the London and Pune International Film Festivals. Their second Marathi film was Gauri Sarwate-directed Anntar. It was shot in London.The company's next regional film was the Punjabi language comedy Bhaji in Problem (2013). It was produced in association with Viacom 18 Motion Pictures and distributed globally by Krian Media. The film was directed by Smeep Kang. Built on a small budget of ₹5 crore (US$700,000), it collected ₹17 crore (US$2.4 million) at the box office. Distributors in the state of Punjab paid record prices for the film after film viewers expressed their eagerness to watch it. Kumar made a guest starring in the film. Sameer Valecha of Punjabimania.com noted that the film "has its own merits and will stand tall on them" and appreciated the actors for their performance. Indian spinner Harbhajan Singh also appeared in the film. After the films' success Kumar said that he will produce more regional language films. In an interview given to The New Indian Express, Ashvini Yardi said that "We want to make Grazing Goat Pictures a global player." She is also planning to produce Bengali films.


=== Hindi television ===
Grazing Goat Pictures produced their first Hindi soap opera Jamai Raja starring Ravi Dubey Nia Sharma, Achint Kaur and Delnaz Paul. It airs on Zee TV and completed 100 episodes in December 2014. The company plans to produce more fictional shows. An adaptation of Kanika Dhillon's novel Bombay Duck Is A Fish has also been planned.


== FOMO Fashion On My Own ==
In 2013 Grazing Goat Pictures launched its Internet division Grazing Goats Digital, whose second product was India's first Hindi fashion channel called FOMO Fashion On My Own. Aimed at trend-conscious women, this YouTube channel provides online tutorials on various fashion subjects.


== Filmography ==


=== Films ===


=== Television ===
Jamai Raja


== Notes ==


== References ==


== External links ==

Grazing Goat Pictures at IMDb
Grazing Goat Pictures on Facebook
<|endoftext|>
Zhaba, also known as Bazi, Bozi, Draba, nDrapa, Zaba, Zha (Chinese: 扎坝语 or 扎巴语), is a Qiangic language of Sichuan, China spoken by about 8,000 people in Daofu County and Yajiang County. The Zhaba, who are officially classified by the Chinese government as ethnic Tibetan people, refer to themselves as [ndʐa˥ pɪ˧˩] and to the Zhaba language as [ndʐa˧˥ ʂka˥]. Neighboring Khams Tibetan speakers refer to the Zhaba people as [ndʐa˥ pa˥]. Zhaba speakers live primarily in the Xianshui River 鲜水河 valley.Descriptions of Zhaba include Huang (1991) and Gong (2007). Huang & Dai (1992) document the Queyu dialect spoken in Zhatuo Village 扎拖村, Zhatuo Township 扎拖乡, Daofu County, Sichuan.


== Dialects ==
Ethnologue (21st edition) lists two dialects of Zhaba:

Drate (Northern nDrapa)
Drame (Southern nDrapa, Zhami)


== Distribution ==
A total of 8,319 Zhaba people are distributed in the following townships of Zhaba District 扎坝区 of Daofu County (Upper Zha 上扎 area), and Zhamai District 扎麦区 of Yajiang County (Lower Zha 下扎 area) (Gong 2007:2-3). Zhaba people from the two districts speak the same mutually intelligible language.

Zhaba District 扎坝区, Daofu County (Upper Zha 上扎 area)
Yazhuo 亚卓乡 (Zhaba name: vʑa˥ ʂtsʰu˧˩): 1,501 Zhaba people
Hongding 红顶乡 (Zhaba name: ŋui˧˩ dɪ˥): 752 Zhaba people
Zhongni 仲尼乡 (Zhaba name: tʂyi˥ ȵi˥): 970 Zhaba people
Zhatuo 扎拖乡 (Zhaba name: ndʐa˧˩ gʊ˥): 1,114 Zhaba people
Xiatuo 下拖乡 (Zhaba name: ptse˥ tʰʊ˧˩): 899 Zhaba people
Zhamai District 扎麦区, Yajiang County (Lower Zha 下扎 area)
Waduo 瓦多乡 (Zhaba name: ve˥ tʊ˥): 1,536 Zhaba people
Murong 木绒乡 (Zhaba name: mə˥ vzu˧˩): 1,547 Zhaba people


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Oberkirch is a municipality in the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


== History ==
Oberkirch is first mentioned in 1036 as Ecclesia superior though this comes from a 14th Century copy of the earlier document.  In 1052 it was mentioned as Obernkilch.


== Geography ==

Oberkirch has an area of 9.1 km2 (3.5 sq mi).  Of this area, 74.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while 13.4% is forested.  Of the rest of the land, 12.1% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (0.3%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).  In the 1997 land survey, 13.5% of the total land area was forested.  Of the agricultural land, 64.98% is used for farming or pastures, while 9.11% is used for orchards or vine crops.  Of the settled areas, 6.37% is covered with buildings, 0.99% is industrial, 0.44% is classed as special developments, 0.66% is parks or greenbelts and 3.62% is transportation infrastructure.  Of the unproductive areas,   and 0.33% is other unproductive land.The municipality is located southwest of Lake Sempach (Sempachersee).  It consists of the village of Oberkirch and the hamlets of Dogelzwil, Oberhof, Unterhof and Zellhüsli.


== Demographics ==
Oberkirch has a population (as of 2007) of 3,317, of which 10.3% are foreign nationals.  Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 32.1%.  Most of the population (as of 2000) speaks German  (92.7%), with Serbo-Croatian being second most common ( 1.6%) and Albanian being third ( 1.4%).
In the 2007 election the most popular party was the CVP which received 31.4% of the vote.  The next three most popular parties were the FDP (28.4%), the SVP (19.7%) and the Green Party (10.4%).
The age distribution in Oberkirch is; 855 people or 25% of the population is 0–19 years old.  1,071 people or 31.3% are 20–39 years old, and 1,139 people or 33.3% are 40–64 years old.  The senior population distribution is 275 people or 8% are 65–79 years old, 68 or 2% are 80–89 years old and 14 people or 0.4% of the population are 90+ years old.In Oberkirch about 76% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
As of 2000 there are 991 households, of which 281 households (or about 28.4%) contain only a single individual.  117 or about 11.8% are large households, with at least five members.  As of 2000 there were 469 inhabited buildings in the municipality, of which 375 were built only as housing, and 94 were mixed use buildings.  There were 255 single family homes, 48 double family homes, and 72 multi-family homes in the municipality.  Most homes were either two (196) or three (117) story structures.  There were only 29 single story buildings and 33 four or more story buildings.Oberkirch has an unemployment rate of 1.75%.  As of 2005, there were 201 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 59 businesses involved in this sector.  502 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 23 businesses in this sector.  581 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 65 businesses in this sector.  As of 2000 55.8% of the population of the municipality were employed in some capacity.  At the same time, females made up 43% of the workforce.
In the 2000 census the religious membership of Oberkirch was; 2,186 (82.1%) were Roman Catholic, and 223 (8.4%) were Protestant, with an additional 60 (2.25%) that were of some other Christian faith.   There are 42 individuals (1.58% of the population) who are Muslim.  Of the rest; there were 5 (0.19%) individuals who belong to another religion (not listed), 74 (2.78%) who do not belong to any organized religion, 71 (2.67%) who did not answer the question.The historical population is given in the following table:


== References ==


== External links ==
Oberkirch LU in  German, French and Italian in the online Historical Dictionary of Switzerland.
<|endoftext|>
Joseph Maria Bonaldus (Latin: Josephus Maria Bonaldus, Italian: Gioseppe/Giuseppe-Maria Bonaldo) was the Archbishop of Antivari in 1646–1652. He belonged to the Dominican Order.
Originally from Zara (Zadar), Republic of Venice (present-day Croatia), Bonaldo served a theological professor in the Basilica of Santa Maria above Minerva in Rome.
Pope Innocent X appointed Bonaldo as the Archbishop of Antivari in 1646 with an annual income of 200 Roman scudi.
With the bishops from Ottoman-controlled lands, Bonaldo forged plans for freedom, presenting them to the Venetian admiral, Leonardo Foscolo. When Foscolo captured Klis in 1648, in his company was Bonaldo. The following year, Foscolo turned to southern Montenegro, unloading his guns near Antivari. However, the Ottoman army was awaiting his arrival to which Foscolo retreated. By then, a pogrom among Antivari's Catholic population occurred, in which a large number of Catholics converted to Islam.
Bonaldo lived in the region of Paštrovići, where he converted many Muslims to Catholicism.
Bonaldo died from tuberculosis in 1653. He was buried in a cathedral in Budva. Upon his death, the administration of the Archbishopric was placed in the hands of Pjetër Bogdani, the Bishop of Scutari.


== References ==
Marko Jačov (1998). missioni cattoliche nei Balcani durante le due grandi guerre. Biblioteca Apostolica Vaticana. ISBN 978-88-210-0689-0. ... Bonaldus, Buonaldus) Gioseppe Maria (Joseph Maria), arcivescovo di Antivari (1646-1652)
<|endoftext|>
Coptobasis spretalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Julius Lederer in 1863. It is found on Ambon Island.


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Gloo (sometimes stylized in all caps as GLOO) is a British electronic music group composed of musicians Iglooghost, Kai Whiston, and BABii. The trio released their debut album, XYZ in 2019.


== History ==
The trio are all musicians and frequent collaborators from the United Kingdom. Iglooghost and Whiston are long-time friends from Shaftesbury, although Whiston initially disliked Iglooghost's "faux-FlyLo beats." BABii hails from Margate, where she played a show together with Iglooghost. As the two familiarized themselves with each other, BABii gave vocal stems to Iglooghost and would feature on several tracks on his 2018 Clear Tamei and Steel Mogu EPs. BABii would meet Whiston at a festival. She also designed machines that gave fans rewards during an Iglooghost and Kai Whiston tour.In 2018, Whiston described Gloo as an open and loosely-defined creative concept, telling Paper in an interview:

The definition is intentionally vague but it's not so much an imprint or label or distribution or anything. I guess you could say it's like an umbrella term that we use for things of product variety. Think like, Donda by Kanye but just fun creative shit. If Iglooghost decides he wants to build and sell furniture, he'll do it under GLOO. If I wanna sponsor a wrestling tournament, I'll do it under GLOO.
Whiston's 2018 album Kai Whiston Bitch was the first project to be made after Iglooghost and Whiston formally teamed up, and the trio formed in 2019. The group's sound has been described as diverse and frenetic; their music incorporates elements of grime, synth-pop, and bass, among other genres.They released their first track, titled "Lamb", on 28 August 2019. On 18 September 2019, the group's debut studio album XYZ was released. The album received positive critical reception. Max Cussons of Contactmusic.com wrote that the album "saw the three bring out the best in each other across several future-fusion tracks, with Whiston bringing a lot of the muscle and spunk." In his 4.5 out of 5 star review of the album, Cussons called the group "three bright rays of hope in UK electronic music."


== Discography ==


=== Studio albums ===


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Aframomum melegueta is a species in the ginger family, Zingiberaceae, and closely related to cardamom. Its seeds are used as a spice (ground or whole); it imparts a pungent, black-pepper-like flavor with hints of citrus.  It is commonly known as grains of paradise, melegueta pepper, alligator pepper, Guinea grains, ossame, or fom wisa.  The term Guinea pepper has also been used, but is most often applied to Xylopia aethiopica (grains of Selim).
It is native to West Africa, which is sometimes named the Pepper Coast (or Grain Coast) because of this commodity. It is also an important cash crop in the Basketo district of southern Ethiopia.


== Characteristics ==
Aframomum melegueta is an herbaceous perennial plant native to swampy habitats along the West African coast. Its trumpet-shaped, purple flowers develop into pods 5–7 cm (2.0–2.8 in) long, containing numerous small, reddish-brown seeds.
The pungent, peppery taste of the seeds is caused by aromatic ketones, such as (6)-paradol (systematic name: 1-(4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)-decan-3-one). Essential oils, which are the dominating flavor components in the closely related cardamom, occur only in traces.
The stem at times can be short, and usually shows signs of scars and dropped leaves. The leaves average 35 cm (14 in) in length and 15 cm (5.9 in) in width, with a well-structured vascular system. The flowers of the herbaceous plant are aromatic, with an orange-colored lip and rich pinkish-orange upper part. The fruits contain numerous, small, golden red-brown seeds.


== Uses ==

Melegueta pepper is commonly used in the cuisines of West and North Africa, from where it has been traditionally transported by camel caravan routes through the Sahara desert and distributed to Sicily and the rest of Italy. Mentioned by Pliny as "African pepper" but subsequently forgotten in Europe, they were renamed "grains of paradise" and became a popular substitute for black pepper in Europe in the 14th and 15th centuries. The Ménagier de Paris recommends it for improving wine that "smells stale". Through the Middle Ages and into the early modern period, the theory of the four humors governed theories about nourishment on the part of doctors, herbalists, and druggists. In this context, John Russell characterized grains of paradise in The Boke of Nurture as "hot and moist".In 1469, King Afonso V of Portugal granted the monopoly of trade in the Gulf of Guinea to Lisbon merchant Fernão Gomes. The included the exclusivity in trade of Aframomum melegueta, then called malagueta pepper. The grant came at the cost of 100,000 real annually and agreement to explore 100 miles (160 km) of the coast of Africa per year for five years; this gives some indication of the European value of the spice. After Christopher Columbus reached the New World in 1492 and brought the first samples of the chili pepper (Capsicum frutescens) back with him to Europe, the name malagueta, and Spanish and Portuguese spelling, was then applied to the new chili "pepper" because its piquancy was reminiscent of grains of paradise. Malagueta, thanks to its low price, remained popular in Europe even after the Portuguese opened the direct maritime route to the Spice Islands around 1500. This namesake, the malagueta chili, remains popular in Brazil, the Caribbean, Portugal, and Mozambique.
The importance of the A. melegueta spice is shown by the designation of the area from the St. John River (near present-day Buchanan) to Harper in Liberia as the Grain Coast or Pepper Coast in honor of the availability of grains of paradise. Later, the craze for the spice waned, and its uses were reduced to a flavoring for sausages and beer. In the 18th century, its importation to Great Britain collapsed after a parliamentary act of George III forbade its use in alcoholic beverages. In 1855, England imported about 15,000 to 19,000 pounds (6,800 to 8,600 kg) per year legally (duty paid). By the 1880, the 9th edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica reported: "Grains of paradise are to some extent used in veterinary practice, but for the most part illegally to give a fictitious strength to malt liquors, gin, and cordials".The presence of the seeds in the diets of lowland gorillas in the wild seems to have some sort of beneficial effect on their cardiovascular health. They also eat the leaves, and use them for bedding material. The absence of the seeds in the diets of captive lowland gorillas may contribute to their occasionally poor cardiovascular health in zoos.Today the condiment is sometimes used in gourmet cuisine as a replacement for pepper, and to give unique flavor in some craft beers, gins, and Norwegian akvavit. Grains of paradise are starting to enjoy a slight resurgence in popularity in North America due to their use by some well-known chefs. Alton Brown is a fan of the condiment, and he uses it in okra stew and his apple-pie recipe on an episode of the TV cooking show Good Eats. Grains of paradise are also used by people on certain diets, such as a raw food diet, because they are considered less irritating to digestion than black pepper.


== Folk medicine and ritual uses ==
In West African folk medicine, grains of paradise are valued for their warming and digestive properties, and among the Efik people in Nigeria have been used for divination and ordeals determining guilt.  A. melegueta has been introduced to the Caribbean and Latin America, where it is used in religious (voodoo) rites.


== See also ==
Aframomum corrorima
List of culinary herbs and spices
Phytotherapy


== References ==


== External links ==
Katzer spice site
<|endoftext|>
Heibao (Chinese: 黑豹) is the self-titled debut album by seminal Chinese rock band Black Panther, released August 1991 in Hong Kong on Kinn's Management Ltd. and December 1, 1992 in China and Taiwan on Magic Stone Records.
The album spawned two hits; the opening track "Shameful" became the group's best-known song, while "Don't Break My Heart", topped the Hong Kong charts for three weeks upon its release. Black Panther were soon signed by Taiwanese record label Rock Records, which was then establishing a rock market in China via its mainland subsidiary, Magic Stone. The Magic Stone edition of the record was released in China and Taiwan in December 1992. The album sold 1.5 million copies, making it one of the bestselling Chinese rock albums of all time.In 1992, lead vocalist Dou Wei left the band to pursue an influential solo career.


== Track listing ==
All lyrics are written by Dou Wei, except where noted.


== Personnel ==
Personnel from the liner notes listed as follows:


=== Black Panther ===
Dou Wei - lead vocals
Li Tong - guitar, backing vocals
Wang Wenjie - bass, backing vocals
Zhao Mingyi - drums, backing vocals
Luan Shu - keyboards, backing vocals


=== Production ===
Li Zhenquan - production, recording, mixing, mastering, additional arrangements


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
The R238 road is a regional road in Ireland. It is a ring road around the Inishowen Peninsula in County Donegal. The R238 is also part of the main road from Derry to Buncrana. Sections of the road form part of the Wild Atlantic Way. In July 2010, the road was the site of Ireland's worst road crash resulting in eight deaths.The R238 travels north from the N13 at Bridge End. The road travels along Lough Swilly to reach Buncrana. From there the road proceeds inland to Carndonagh. After Carndonagh, the road goes to meet the Lough Foyle coast at Moville. From Moville the road proceeds southwest to end at the County Londonderry border just past Muff. The R238 is 88.1 km (54.7 mi) long.


== See also ==
Roads in Ireland
July 2010 R238 traffic collision


== References ==
<|endoftext|>
Digimind is a global social media monitoring and competitive intelligence company that provides information on businesses' competitive standing in the market. Digimind was founded in 1998 and has been profitable ever since. As of 2019, the company has more than 200 employees across offices in North America, Europe, Asia and Africa.


== History ==
Digimind was founded in 1998 by Paul Vivant, Patrice François, Gerald Navarette and Romain Laboisse in Grenoble, France. Within a year, they launched vStrat, a collaborative market intelligence software tool for Lotus Notes (now IBM Notes). This was followed by the release of Strategic Finder, a meta search engine, in 1999. By the end of 1999, the software had reached over 60,000 users.
In 2003 the company launched Digimind Evolution, a competitive intelligence software application. The company's subsequent success and expansion in both French- and English-speaking markets facilitated the opening of a Research & Development centre in Rabat, Morocco in 2006, and an office in Cambridge, MA in 2008. In 2007, Digimind launched Digimind 7, an application providing real-time visual analysis of news stories.
In 2019 Digimind was named a leader in Market and Competitive Intelligence Platforms by Forrester Research.


== References ==